(sheı)muoıkea gyroscope
@toacıa flaccid
@toacıa chaotic
@toacıa direct
@toacıa disturbs
@toacıa economy
@toacıa ethny
@toacıa porous
@toacıa ironic
@toacıa tide
@toacıa efficient
@toacıa organizes
@toacıa punishes
@toacıa side
@toacıa kneads
@toacıa spiral
@toacıa pinches
@toacıa suffers stress
@toacıa frame
@toacıa needle
@toacıa layer
@toacıa pastry
@toacıa pie
@toacıa mucus
@toacıa fertilized egg
@toacıa unfertilized egg
@toacıa embryo
@toacıa membrane
Aqtaytıka Antarctica
Babadogua country Barbados
Belıjegua country Belize
Bıetoaq post-Toaqic
Doıche German
Doıchegua Germany
Ebetoaq Ewe language
Esyperaqto Esperantic
Esyperaqtogua "Esperantujo"
Esyperaqtozu Esperanto
Faraqse French
Faraqsegua France
Guobasa Globasa language
Gutaq Gothic
Hajataq Armenia
Huıgıdezu ygyde language
Hıqdıagua India
Iqlaqgua England
Iqlaqtoaq English language
Jamaıkagua country Jamaica
Junıko Unicode
Juqguo Chinese
Juqguogua China
Kuenhazu Quenya language
Kısymasy Christmas
Latınazu Latin language
Majaragua country Hungary
Myleısıygua country Malaysia
Namıguaq Antarctica
Nedelaq Dutch
Nedelaqgua Netherlands
Nıhoq Japanese
Nıhoqgua Japan
Nıhoqgua country Japan
Pasyka Easter
Puıpoqduq is popular among
Pıkachu is
Rahınagua country Ukraine
Sakaqgua country Georgia
Seperaqto Esperantic
Seperaqtozu Esperanto
Sıaomerıka Native American
Toaqgua Toaqistan
Toaqlızu Toaqglish
Tubalugua country Tuvalu
Zaıche Esperantist
aba father
abugıda abugida
achoqte has been used up
achu sneezes
achı fun
acı acid
adı fat
agora public gathering
aho idiot
ahoge ahoge
ahoı welcomes
aka root
akacıa acacia tree
akanose AMAB
akaı soreness
ako peak
akuıla eagle
akuılabı griffon
akırakıa bloody
ala Allah
alachuaq Islam
alaı alga
alomoı allistic
alumıq aluminum
alıu allium
anou'ıdeı love-panics
anougaq romantic partner
anoujı my love.
anı sand
anıhı sandwhich
anıme anime
anıpıo sandstone
anırea beach
anıtoaı grain of sand
anıtıaq sand-colored
ao'aoga letter Ao
ao'aı realistic
aoga frame
aolua fiction
aomo island
aopaıkoı ıs an ascender
aotomoı has autism
aotue hypothesis
apu application
apı bee
apıbue hive
apıbue beehive
apıduao honey
apıkoaı honeycomb
apını hop plant
aq'aqshe letter Aq
aqbohuıtuaruaq blames, accuses
aqdepıo andesite
aqhy sniffs
aqkuaq letter Q
aqmana letter Q
aqnha intends to do
aqshe donkey
aqshekebo mule
aramoshı orgasms
aranekoaı spiderweb
asheadaıdıu modal logic
ashelaı letter Æ
asholo axolotl
atoq atom
atoqchu atomic nucleus
atı on
aı'aı smacks
aı'aıpu letter Aı
aıcha resembles
aıcy integer
aıdao essence
aıfuq costume
aıfuqpatı costume party
aıgeı dresses up as
aıkopı mimic
aıpu ghost
aıpuraq ghostly
aıpy faerie
aıpı faerie
aıse impression
aısopo isopod
bafaq should
baga pulls
bagacey breathes in
bagacha ingressive
bagacuhy breathes in
bagasıoq pulley
bagatıaı drawer
bakamoqda Toaq illocution
bakanueq beef
bakoy makes requests
balu should
banaku guanaco
baoguıcıepabakashunaonıubıu sushi
baokıa pink
baoluaq white player
baopo white player’s
baoruı silver
baosıaıtoaı white blood cell
baozu Cantonese
baqjo banjo
baqpıry vampire
baqraq general
baqraı generic instance
baqse typical result
baqteı idealized shape
barabara barbarous
barabeq brussels sprout.
barara *brrrrrrr*
barata Indian
baratagua India
barua rose
bashoq version
basue commands
basue'eı high-handed
basuehe haughty
basueruo (being) superior
basuetoı is dominant
batata sweet potato
baıgıq disassembles
baıhıu canal
baıloha metal iron
baıpaq is a part
baırıaı scaffolding
baıtoaı brick
be'ı grapevine
be'ıtı grapevine
beagoa corner
beajıoqkea laptop
beamuao cypress tree
beapue arthropod
beapueq knuckle-walks
beapueqhe knuckle-walker
beaqchea umbrella
beaqcıoq lever
beaqfua column
beaqgoeq fence
beaqluoq scales
beaqme ladder
beaqnaby breadstick
beaqnhuo ladder
beaqnıu bamboo
beaqtıaı cage
beaı hangs on
beaıgıo pendant light
beaıpıo pendant
bebehaq baby food
becıoq lever
bede is
beheq pregnant
beleq phlegm
beleqguele pituitary gland
beochua variable
beodama unstable
beodaı variable
beodo variable
beojeqda genderfluid
beojey genderfluid
beoq base, foundation
beoqsaı chemical
beoreaı being stubborn
beoreaıhe stubborn
beotua changes
bepoaı egg
beqbaı pinches
beqbıa swollen
beqheq convex hull
beqjeoq bumpy
beqra date palm
beqse tumor
beqsıu swollen
beqtoq overhang
bero north
berohochu north-east
berohore north-west
beromerıka North America
beromoa north pole
beropoq northerner
berosoq north pole
beryzu eberban
berılysaı beryllium
betaruaıcheabıso betacoronavirus
betoq concrete
betoqpuo concrete powder
beı'o wine
beıgou bagel
beıho wine
beıjaq so much the case
beıjaq so much the case
beılaq stressed
beımeılaı letter W
beınoq wine
beıso virus
beıtua emphasizes
boa neck
boafuq scarf
boagıa choker
boao knows the answer
boaqfeo oriented
boaqhuoı tree squirrel
boaqhuoısıu squirrel
boaqkahu tree squirrel
boaıhe submissive
boaıkuaı compliant
boca wasp
boceo acquires
boche owner
bocıa lacks
bodyka vodka
boe(sıu)guaq plain
boebeogıo is komorebi
boefuq robe
boehaq pancake
boejıo tent
boekıoq circle
boeme salad
boenao puddle
boepata chip
boeqdıaıjodıaı Boeing 747
boeteımuhuaqtuamu flattered
boetuo sloth
bofaı common to own
boku me
bokuaı feels greed
boleı rare to own
bolıa pen
bomu possession of
bopıosaı boron
boqgoaıcha affricate
boqko finds
boqlaq consonant
boqsa preventable loss
boqsoa prevents
boqsulaq plosive
boqtı obstructs
boqtıe obstructs
bore flattens
bosebue wasp nest
boshao wants to possess
boshaınue renounces
boshaıtao discards
bosho gains
bosho gets
bosue requests
bosıa unclaimed
bosıabebue orphanage
bota holds off
bouba lumpy
boy shoves
buachao van
buachıjıo abbey
buafa moves house
buafa moves house
buajeq housemate
buajıome neighborhood
buaqcha unsuccessful
buaqchıo attempts
buaqmeo frustrated
buaıdekı ruler
buaıduoı stretches
buaıfa journeys
buaıhuao loose
buaıjıo tower
buaıjıojıeq rectangle
buaıkua hall
buaıkıoq 3D oval shape
buaıkıoqteı oval shape
buaımuı wordy
buaımıeqchuo ruler
buaıne length
buaırueq taut
buaıtoaı unit of length
buba naysayer
bubu not not the case
buchıcheykuq says
buda buddha
budachuaq Buddhism
buduoceaq cheetah
buduı not enough
budıe warns
buedueq lawn
bueguaq territory
buemoe feels at home
buenoı homework
buesoaq lawn
buetı at home
buhuı nice
bujao far from false
bujuı barely the case
buka dares to do
bukache adventurer
bula bubble
bulahıu stream
bulame foam
bulua fiction
buoqgaq hangs out with
buoqlaı glyph
buoqlua comedy
buoqse folly
buqbeq muzzle
buqbıu proboscis
buqhıao bites
buqjeoq oral cavity
buqjıaı bites
buqjıaı kisses
buqkuoq tooth
buqkıaqnua shaves
buqluaofuo is kissing
buqlıa cheek
buqlıasho debuccalizes
buqnao saliva
buqne mouthful
buqny mouthful
buqpıo tooth
buqshaıca gobstopper
buqsoı pigs out on
buqtuaq beak
buqtıabıu pharynx
buqtıetı velar
buraqsaı is
burasıhebe rubber tree
buruaq denies
buruo moss
buruonıu bryophyte
buruotıe mossy
burı brie
burıaq utopia
butıduo moves away
buzolokıa ghost pepper
buıce exit
buıcey breathes out
buıcuhy breathes out
buıduotaq expands
buıduotaqtua expands
buıgaja extraterrestrial
buıjıaı bacteria
buıkoe excludes
buıku uterus
buıkuboaq placenta
buıkuboaq placenta
buıkubıu fallopian tube
buısetıeq exhaust
buısha gets out
buıshuaq emits
buıtoa loan word
byleq phlegm
byleqguele pituitary gland
bylogıtoq phlogiston
bóekıoqmuteı circular
bıaca illness
bıacuaq illness
bıafoa feels sick
bıahıeq throws up
bıakaı virus
bıakuaı has a sick
bıalaı symptom
bıaloq has fever
bıalıao mo(u)ld
bıamuasaı vaccine
bıaobıa drunk
bıaoca confuses
bıaokoı stumbles
bıaonao alcohol
bıaonaosho ferments
bıaonaoshote fermented
bıaopıaq surprised
bıapoe quarantined
bıaqbu not enough
bıaqpuoq satisfies
bıasaı toxic
bıasaıbıa poisoned
bıatuataqtua makes
bıdeoluaqmu video game
bıejearıaq bar
bıekao will
bıekıe thanks
bıeseudıu aftermath
bıeshata disposable
bıfı wifi
bıgosy bigos
bıkıce wiki entry
bıkıkaıce wiki article
bıkıkaıse wiki article
bıkıkue wiki
bıkıkueboe wiki article
bılaq beep
bılaı colon
bılıada billiards
bıolıno violin
bıone cupful
bıony cupful
bıoq departs
bıosapoq Viossa speaker
bıosazu Viossa
bıqbıq million
bıraı topic
bıru virus
bırushı virion
bırutoaı virion
bıso virus
bıtı grapevine
bıtızeo grape
bıtızeome bunch of grapes
bıucheoq tube
bıuchue pipeline
bıume pipeline
bıunıaı worm
bıutoaı ring
bıutoaıhaq bagel
bıutuaı salp
bıutıaı barrel
bủıtua expels
cadaı potential energy
cadıu physics
cagıle conducive
cajoq directly causes
cake treat
cale tends to cause
canhy chestnut
capaq counts
capo mamey sapote
caqbo owns
caqche administrator
caqdao program
caqhe dominant
caqhupame keyboard
caqhupapaq button control
caqjuao setting
caqme staff
caqruaq decrees
caqsoı rebels against
caqsoıche rebellious
caqtoaı instruction
caruaı tzar
caruoq directly causes
carı tsar
casaı energetic
casaı'aı nutritious
case process
casıao source
cateleq Scottish
cateleqgua Scotland
caıchea hard hat
caıchoamu strong
caıduadoa assures that
caıfuo impacts
caıfuoduy gores
caıguaqfurı earthquake
caıguaı exercises
caıhıeq hurls
caıhıo hails
caıjıo castle
caıkoy flexes
caıkoı strides
caıloha titanium
caıreo brightly colored
caıseaı liquor
caıseoqtue storm
caıtao uses strength in
ceabo marsupial
ceahako koala
ceahaq dumpling
ceahua pouch
ceakea pocket device
ceany bagful
ceanıaı marsupial
ceaqpueqhe unguligrade
ceaqpıo onyx
ceaqtechuo nail clippers
ceaı suffers
ceke iron
celadoa cellar door
ceme graph
cemeq cement
ceoq electrical
ceoqce outlet
ceoqchua nick (nickname)
ceoqchuoı electric cord
ceoqchuoı wire
ceoqgıu wire
ceoqkaıdeoq e-mails
ceoqkue e-book
ceoqloha electrum
ceoqnhoq electric cord
ceoqpeq e-mail
ceoqshuo battery
ceotuao resumes
ceqbudachuaq Zen Buddhism
ceqbudısuq Zen Buddhism
cesa sizzles
cesanao sparkling water
cesasha boils
cey breathes
cey breathes
chahytapoq Choctaw person
chakychaq cicada
chakychaqchaq summer day
chamu is a way
chaobıa has motion
chaocaq drives vehicle
chaoche chauffeurs
chaochoaq passenger
chaodoa ships
chaofa drives
chaoloaı some traffic
chaonıe is aboard
chaoshuo parking lot
chaqbıe afternoon
chaqdıaq occurs daily
chaqgu two-day period
chaqkue day calendar
chaqmoa time of day
chaqnaı happens today
chaqraomu time of day
chaqtıa afternoon
chateıdao are instructions
chatoa adverb
chatoame adverbial phrase
chaıboe tea leaf
chaıbıo teacup
chaıheqmy teapot
chaınıu tea plant
chaıtupa teapot
chaıtıaq tea-brown
chaıtıq heart
chealaı diacritic
cheaqchıa trusts that
cheaqgı trustworty
cheaqsue entrusts
cheaqzua betrays
checu and
checy unstably
chemegeqjıo community center
cheocuoı and
cheodoa exchanges
cheomudaı relation
cheoqne bottleful
cheoqny bottleful
cheoteq barters
cheu deceitfully
chey tricks
cheychuo trap
cheycua falls for trick
cheynhoy hoax
cheyteoq trick question
cheıbea knuckle
cheıbıo cup
cheıbıu ring
cheıpueq walks
cheıpueqhe digitigrade
cheıse finger print
cheısheaq stands on his
cheısheaqhe digitigrade
cheıtoq nail
choaboq consonant
choachuo microphone
choadedıu phonaesthetics
choafua podium
choahua udder
choakao voice recording
choakoy talks
choakuq says vocally
choakuqse voice message
choapoa consonant
choaqchao taxi
choaqdoa hospitable
choaqfa visits
choaqgı welcome
choaqhuı unwelcome
choaqhıo welcomes
choaqhıo welcomes
choaqjuq has guest(s)
choaqsheı is welcome
choaqsue invites
choaqtao pays a visit
choarıa vowel
choasıa says nothing
choateı pronunciation
choatoaı phone
choatoaıdıu phonetics
choazu spoken language
choaıcıa free
choaıjaq expensive
choaıne price
choaınuı cheap
choaısao expensive
choaısıa free
chochı chip
chodıe recommends
chofaı has common
chogıq dislikes
choko chocolate
chokola chocolate
chokopıehaq cocoa
chokuaq "likes"
choleı has niche
chome insect
chomeheq infested
chomıa popular
choq uses
choqcha is done using
choqchua username
choqdıe offers tool
choqkıu available
choqmuı is the intent
choqmy gadget
choqmıa versatile
choqnıu herb
choqteı frontend
chosheı accepting
chotaq likes themselves
chouteı usage
choıbeqlaı letter Þ
choıceaq claw
choıceaqjo paw
choıdea (agentive) stabs
choıgoaı scratches
choıgıu sharp edge
choıhıao stings
choıjıusaı is
choınıoq canine teeth
choıpeo pierces
choıpoaızeo cranberry berry
choıpıo diamond
choısaı acid
choıshoaısıu bird of prey
choısoe acid
chuabo is called
chuaboe name tag
chuachoq assigns name
chuacıa nameless
chuajoe has title
chuakaı signs
chualuı expired name
chuaotoq window ledge
chuaqmıu classifies
chuasıa nameless
chuaıduao frozen dessert
chuaıdıa thaws
chuaıhıao ice-burns
chuaımy (a) solid
chuchua middle name
chuebaı chains together
chuechao train
chuechue choo-choo train
chuefa follows
chuekıq movie episode
chuelua episodic story
chuetao does things
chuetıeq railway
chufaqkuq interrupts
chuge sexual
chugua China
chuhaq lunch
chujıurıoq intersex
chukuq mediates between
chumoalaı interpunct
chunı lewd
chunıcholeı has a fetish
chunıde sexy
chunıhuı perverted
chunımoe horny
chuocha is done using
chuodoedoa turns
chuomıa versatile
chuotıaı toolbox
chuoı thread
chuoıcoe fastened
chuoıfurı swings
chuoınhuo filter, sieve
chuoınıu vine
chuoısaı fibre
chupaq middle
chupoe kinky
chuqbeaq chopsticks
chuqcheı chopstick
chuqchuo cutlery
chuqchuosıqkea dishwasher
chuqdoa gives food
chuqfurı has bulimia
chuqgı edible
chuqhuame digestive system
chuqjearıaq restaurant
chuqjuao diet
chuqkua dining room
chuqny serving
chuqnıu vegetable
chuqroe healthy to eat
chuqrıeq fasts
chuqsao fat
churıohua diaphragm
churıoq is a hybrid
chutı in the middle
chuyrıqkea Turing machine
chuzu Chinese language
chuıchuq eats breakfast
chuıguı breakfast cereal
chuılıo north
chuılıotı to the north
chylıbo cushioned
chylıchuo cushion
chylırıaı cushions
chyreıq TR-affrication
chı(jıo)joaq priest
chıapoaı chia seeds
chıaqbıa sentient
chıaqduı hypervigilant
chıaqgaı intuits
chıaqhe personality
chıaqhua mind
chıaqlıaq plural system
chıaqme plural system
chıaqrue not very aware
chıaqsho notices
chıaqtı conscious
chıaıchua pseudonym
chıaıgaı hallucinates
chıaıgaıno synaesthetic
chıaıjıao false god
chıaımıutua misinforms
chıaınoaq misreads
chıaıretao recovers
chıaıruaq states falsity
chıaıtaosı careful
chıaıtaq paradox
chıbu delusion
chıcago believes that
chıchey fools
chıcheykuq lies in saying
chıchı chirp-chirp bird
chıchıaı falsely believes
chıcıa skeptical
chıduı naive
chıdıe suggests
chıecha learns
chıeche learner
chıechefuaı student council
chıechekata student ID card
chıecheme school
chıecoaq tame
chıedoaq campus
chıefuaı learning
chıefıuq school
chıeguaı ıs a scholar
chıeguo lesson
chıekata flashcard
chıekua classroom
chıekue textbook
chıeme class
chıemegaq classmate
chıenoı homework
chıenıq beginner
chıepeloq grade
chıeqdao hashtag
chıeqdoa shares
chıeqgao is over
chıeqgaıno has synesthesia
chıeqgaıno synesthetic
chıeqteı cross
chıeqtıeq crossroad
chıetao studies
chıetoaı lesson
chıetuache teacher
chıfa chip
chıfuı docile
chıfıuq Church
chıgı tenable belief
chıjuq picks up
chıkola chocolate
chılua myth
chıluajıq mythical
chınoa unbelievable
chıobo repetitive
chıqchuq insectivorous
chıqshıqhua antennae
chırıeq critical
chıshuaı naive
chısıa skeptic
chısıa skeptical
chısıahe skeptic
chıtao remembers to do
chıtaobu forgets to do
chıtoı manipulates
chıtu naive
chıtuafuı naive
chıtuafuı gullible
chỏaıtuao cheap
coachuao underpass
coaq'alıu garlic
coaqbarıqcı rice
coaqchıeluı tame
coaqkune domestic dog
coaqluko dog
coebuı offline
coeguboe blister pack
coegıa adhesive tape
coejeo inalienably
coeke button
coele sticky
coeme structure
coemuo connected
coepeq sticky note
coepotısa slime mold
coesaı glue
coese is
coetano clay
coetıe seals
cokı institution
coq representation
coqjıe is deemed to be
cotoa quantifier
coubuaq fails person
coushatatoaq Coushatta
coutao addresses
coutaı fulfils
cozy cozy
cuaboq mutes
cuabıa has trauma
cuage triggers
cuakuqse response
cuamoe relates to
cuaodıu (a) metaphysics
cuaojıqzıu hyperreal number
cuaonaq transgender man
cuaq is the property
cuaqbo contentive
cuaqchue serial predicate
cuaqcıa particle
cuaqdıu theory
cuaqfıeq derives compound
cuaqke is a specific
cuaqko fills in the
cuaqkotoa noun
cuaqkueqse compound concept
cuaqkueqtoaı primitive
cuaqmaı fan
cuaqmuıbo verb
cuaqsao huge
cuaqtao celebrates
cuaqtue event
cuase response
cuaıcey sniffles
cuaıchoatoaı liquid
cuaıguaq swamp
cuaıheq is wet
cuaılaq liquid consonant
cuaılaq liquid
cuaıshıqhua rhinarium
cuaıtue flood
cucujı azalea
cuedıu politics
cuekoy talks
cueluaq doms
cueme state
cueq public
cueqsoaq park
cuesoı defiant
cuesoı a rebel
cuesıachuaq anarchism
cuesıame anarchy
cuetaq sovereign
cueteı polity
cuga hemlock tree
cuhy breathes
cukı nods
cula is an image
cunamı tsunami
cuokeo real
cuoı and
cuqdere tsundere
cuse spit
cutaq with
cuıkıa colour rose
cuıkıa of color
cyberubıso sarbecovirus
cyhyduohua diaphragm
cyhyhua lung
cyhyrıo oxygen
cysao large number
cyse spit
cytao spits
cıaluq at peace
cıamoe feels empty
cıane zero amount
cıanhe has zero extent
cıaodua has cultural
cıaojeo culturally true
cıaolu is a cultural
cıcı'a cringes
cıebeaq fishing rod
cıebıu sushi
cıeche fisherman
cıechome silverfish
cıechuq pescatarian
cıeduy wriggles
cıejuku fishing
cıejuku fishes
cıejıaıgue fishing hook
cıereq merfolk
cıetuo Water Moccasin
cıfujuao Zipf's law
cıjue June
cıjıeq hexagone
cıjıeq hexagon
cıkata six
cılaqteı sixth tone
cıobeo goes through
cıodaq puberty
cıokoaq young adult
cıolıq adolescent girl
cıonaq adolescent boy
cıoq button
cıoqnhuo panel
cıoqtoq control panel
cıqpeqjı chimpanzee
cıry chain
cırypeoq carbon
cıseı shills
cıtoq cube
cıudoe exhausts
cıugıq absorbs
dada chest
dakı forehead
dalaqteı neutral tone
dama is apt
daobaq file
daochue is an array
daochıu is an address
daocoe is a label
daodoa submits
daodoa submits the data
daofoq smartphone
daogaı has perception
daojaolaq smartphone
daojuao logic
daojuaodıu study
daojuq accesses
daojuqkıu accessible
daojıoqdıu computer science
daokaı inputs data
daokaıchuo input device
daokea computer
daomıeq checks
daoraq links
daosue wants to know
daosıca interests
daoteı file format
daoteıdıu statistics
daotoaı word
daotoq table
dapa hand palm
dapapueqhe plantigrade
dapasheaqhe plantigrade
daqboe wall clock
daqchuq chronophage
daqchıu time address
daqdeaı worthwhile
daqdekı timer
daqduaı due
daqgoa spacetime
daqguaı works full-time
daqguo time
daqgı is
daqgıa time zone
daqhe usually the case
daqjao temporally far
daqjeqme state
daqjuı temporally close
daqko is the
daqlıa timeless
daqme time period
daqmeoq happens slowly
daqmıeqchuo timer
daqmıqbu temporary
daqmıqgıq temporary
daqmıqjeo universally true
daqne amount of time
daqne duration
daqnuı short in time
daqpaq temporal slice
daqpuı happens often
daqrea deadline
daqrıaq period of time
daqsao long in time
daqsheı has free time
daqsheıbo has free time
daqshıkogıq is, among
daqsuaı happens quickly
daruma snowman
dasho me
daımono demon
daımoı imagines
daısıu plausible
deabuaq misses
deachu target
deagıaq banger
deakaı types text
dealaq tap
deaqfuq rug
deaqkıao trapdoorway
deaqkıaotoq trapdoor
deaqkıaq carpet
deaqme stairs
deaqnhuo stairs
deaqtıq floor tile
deaıdoa gives reward
deaıhıo recognizes
deaıjuq gets reward
deaıne status
debıo vase
decha happens
dechey charms
dechuo ornament
dedoa beautifies
deduo dances
deduy dances
dehea pendant
dehea piece of jewelry
dekaı calligraphs
dekuq declaims
dekuqse poem
delua poem
demeo beautifully sad
demeoca beautifully sad
denımy denim
deokıaıpoq nanny
deoqchuaq society
deoqkoy uses
deoqpeq letter
deoqrıaq chatroom
depaq ornament
depı common dolphin
depıo gem
depısıu oceanic dolphin
deqcaı powerful
deqchıe learns the skill
deqcıa disabled
deqcıatıao accessible
deqkuaqsue challenges
deqmıq omnipotent
deqne ability
dere is obsessed with
derepoq nerd
desaı makeup
desaıbo wears
desaıcıa wears
desaıteı is the makeup on
deto fetus
detoa poetry
detoache poet
detuasaı make-up
deza messy mess
doa gives
doacheo gives
doachıu array index
doagı generous
doahuı ungenerous
doajuoq owes property
doakata pre-paid
doaqbua inhabits town
doaqcokı city government
doaqgoeq fortification
doaraotı was at
doashoe accepts
doasıaıbıu artery
doatao devotes
doateaı (being) stingy
doaıbıu loaf of bread
doaıtoq breadboard
doecıa useless
doegaq partner
doegıtua fixes
doehua organ
doejeaq enhances
doekao program
doekaıche programmer
doeme system
doemıatoa contentive word
doemıeq tests if
doepaq component
doeshe does
doetoa particle
doetua turns on
doezua turns off
dohe replaces
doje enhances
dojo dojo
doka hits
dola one dollar
domu is busy
donaty donut
doqbıdeo(DBD) GIF
doqhey abbreviation
doqjoq dungeon
doqkopı summary
doqmuı concise
doqnuo naps
doqshaı interrupts
doqte abbreviation
doqzobo shorts
doy moves
doıdeaı has dignity
doıdoı mimics
doıgıq despises
doıjaq admires
doıjı has face
doımumıa respected
doımıa renowned
doıpuı renowned
doısıeq reveres
doıtaq has self-esteem
doıtıao esteemable
doıtıao honors
duachıo recap
duadıu epistemology
duafa explores
duafaı widely
duafuısıa mystery
duagı wise
duagıkuqse proverb
duahuı foolish
duahuıpoq fool
duahıaq uneducated
duajua mysterious
duakuaı knowledge-lust
duamaı philosopher
duaoboe cookie
duaobıu donut
duaocea pie
duaochaı sweet tea
duaoduaoreı donut
duaofaseo jelly bean
duaohaq dessert
duaoloha is
duaomara cotton candy
duaomuoıhaq donut
duaonıu sugarcane
duaopuao cotton candy
duaopuo sugar
duaopıma bell pepper
duaoreı donut
duaosaı sugar
duaroa intuits
duasuao important
duasuq you-know-what
duasıa unknown
duatuataq tells
duatuatoeq passes down onto
duaı must be the case
duaıdao tautology
duaıdaotaı proves that
duaıse chore
dubo typhus
duehea hint
duemıu is right in his
dueqchao tractor
dueseı mathematical
duetıao answers
dufaq phenomenon
dugaı takes
duly doula
duoboq blocks
duocaheq stiff
duocaheqcıa lax
duocanoa has impetus
duodeaq vehicle
duodıe insists on
duogoı nurses
duohua muscle
duohuame muscular system
duokea robot
duokea motor
duolaı arrow
duomuoq fluid
duoshaı stops moving
duosuaı fast
duotaq vibrates
duotaqkea vibrator
duotoaq sign language
duoı gestures with
duoıjuı lasts
duqgıao has drought
duqkuaı craves
duqse habit
duru larva
dutao feigns
duy moves
duyde graceful
duyfıe clumsy
duygoı rehabilitates
duykoy gestures
duykuq signs
duylaı gesture
duzoaıge unconvincing
duıbokuaı greedy
duıbokuaı greedy
duıcharuaq Gish-gallops
duıdoa overwhelms
duıgıq not enough
duıhıoq cocky
duıjuo spam
duıme is too much
dı may be the case
dıabuchuo ratchet
dıao drop
dıaokua toilet room.
dıaopıo dripstone
dıaqkao diary
dıaıjue July
dıaıkata seven
dıaılaqteı seventh tone
dıaıpeoq nitrogen
dıba replaces
dıbu disallowed
dıecaq pressures
dıechoaı costs
dıedoa advises
dıekuq suggests
dıeqboqgıq connection
dıeqce server
dıeqdoa uploads
dıeqdıe links
dıeqjıo post office
dıeqme internet
dıeqmy packet
dıeqnua downloads
dıeqrıaq accessible from
dıetaı convinces
dıgıq disallowed
dıochubıe afternoon
dıochuchuq eats lunch
dıodıa afternoon
dıojeaq morning
dıonuo naps
dıonuısoq winter solstice
dıorıpıo diorite
dıosoqchaq summer solstice
dıosuıchaq winter solstice
dıosıaofuq morning gown
dıq corner
dıqbo wrinkled
dıqcıa smooth
dıqdoa bends
dıqgoa corner
dıqmuoq coarse, brusque
dıqmıa rough, bumpy
dıqnhuochao articulated bus
dıqsaq triangle
dıuche scientist
dıuche researcher
dıucuaq theory
dıuse research
dıusı analyzes
dıyq colour pink
ealua fiction
eamoı imagines
ebı prawn
echa clown
echı key
ego self-image
ekuchuoı whip
ekujıo stable
ekukoı trots
ekıde Euclidean
eleme elm tree
eloa gold
elybo red deer
emojı emoji
eoropa Europe
eqbı non-binary
eqkuq letter Q
erıq ıs me
esa 10¹⁸ in number
esagı rocks
eso pike
ezuı (the abstract
eı plays role
eı'eıchı letter Eı
eıchı ant
eımy role
facaq leads
fafa pursues
fafıa leads
fagaq goes with
fahaq take-out
faheqchuo luggage
fajuı passes
fakea robot
fakıu reachable
fama famous
famamaı fan
fanılapaq vanilla extract
faolaıme ending
faqdekı alarm
faqgıq unhappens
faqjuı on the brink
fase trip
faseo bean
faseodashı bean paste
fashaıjuı leaves behind
fashıchuaq fascism
fası faces towards
fasıao origin
fasıe follows
fasıu follows
fatao runs errand
fatoı moves towards
fay leads towards
faı common
faıbeta common beet
faıgodeoq barley
faıgydejoq barley
faıjı earliest element
faılıao common
faıne frequency
faıpy normal person
faıraq vandal
faırıoq is mainstream
faıteı canonical
faıteıhey canonical form
faızu Mandarin Chinese
feahuaq outlives
feamy residue
febakoy commands
febakoy commands
fecıe sea star
feguguı 5G
fejue May
fejue May
fejıeq pentagone
fejıeq pentagon
fekata five
felaqteı fifth tone
felegyreıdueq Flegrean Fields
fenusı ex forma
feobo faces direction
feoca is directed at
feochuo compass
feoduo moves towards
feojeq parallel
feojeqcıa perpendicular
feojeqgıq perpendicular
feomıeq navigates
feoq circular
feotua directs
fey solid
fey feels distress
fey feels stressed
feyjaı excited
feyjoaısı (hyper)vigilant
feyjua eerie
feytoı harasses
feıjaq furious
feıkuaı irascible
feıly fairy
feımeo sulks
feırıome wind storm
feıseoq storm
foajeo "rings true"
foaqfua cushion
foaqfuanuo pillow
foaqjaı is satisfied
foatıao is in the right
foazameme vibe checks
foaı is a detail of
foaı'ıdeı detail-panics
foaısıduı is petty about
foka vodka
fokeı feels okay
fomo strict
foq phone
foqlaq ringtone
foqpaı contact
foqsue phones
forıqsaı is
foso you
foıca boring
foımoe bored
fu child
fuaq image
fuaqfıeq creates
fuaqheq picture frame
fuaqmu world
fuaqmuoq paint
fuaqnuoqchuo mirror
fuaqtao takes a photo
fuaqtaotaq takes a selfie
fuaqtuaı image
fuaıjoaq chairperson
fuaımea member
fubu dives
fubupu dove
fufu grandchild
fufufu grand-grandchild
fukıoq egg
fumeme generation
fuocaı hard
fuochoq with
fuocoe adheres, sticks
fuofuaq print
fuofuaqkea printer
fuoke fidgets with
fuokuaı touch-starved
fuqcea pocket
fuqcıa naked
fuqguepaqnuachuo iron
fuqheq dresser
fuqluao collar
fuqluaıche clown
fuqme set of clothes
fuqrıaı clothes hanger
fuqrıaı clothes hanger
fuqsaı cloth
fuqsaıchuo loom
fuqtıaoche tailor
fuqtıaı drawer
furı oscillates
furınuofua hammock
furısa voiced
furısıa voiceless
furıtuıfua rocking chair
fıaho him
fıakaıse foreword
fıamaq it
fıamaq it
fıasoq primate
fıchoılaı letter V
fıeqjoe creative
fıeqkuaı inspired
fıeqkuaıge inspires
fıeqkuı is an
fıeqno canvas
fıeqnıeq uncreative
fıeqse creation
fıete hits on
fıo colour beige
fıutoe notches
fıutoe notches
gace feels itchy
gafıo superficial
gaja planet earth
gajachuaq environmentalism
gajakıoq globe
gale teaches
galese is a school
galeı edible dormouse
gaodeaq ceiling
gaodıaopıo stalactite
gaofeo direction “up”
gaofuo on top
gaogureq adrenal gland
gaojeaq rises
gaojıqzıu surreal number
gaokoıchuo ladder
gaokoıfua stairway
gaokoınıaı tree shrew
gaorea upper surface
gaoshıaq upper leg
gaozıu positive number
gaqcıa alone
gaqcıamoe feels lonely
gaqguru kangaroo
gaqgurugua Australia
gaqhaq side dish
gaqjuı accompanies
gaqkoe includes
gaqme community
gaqme is a group
gaqme is a group
gaqnuao synapsid
gaqsy goose
gaqsyrua daisy
gaqsıa alone
gaqsıahe solitary
gaqtao takes part in
gara stomach
garabıa feels nauseous
garaluce gastric ulcer
garapue gastropod
garapuekato slug-cat
garu combs
garuchuo comb
gaıca induces in
gaıchıaı halluciates
gaıcıa numb
gaıgıu nerve
gaıgıume nervous system
gaıhua sensory organ
gaıjuq audience
gaıkoy acknowledges
gaıkuq relates
gaıkıu perceptible
gaıkıubu imperceptible
gaımuomuo enlightened
gaınoa hard to perceive
gaınose sensory modality
gaıraq perceptual
gaıse perception
gaıshıe conscious
geachua caption
geafa ascends
geahoefeo oriented
geameı mountain
geaqsaınao mud
geaqzeo vegetable
geatıaı elevator
gegaı has perception
gegaı has perception
gegu cartilage
gehıaq dull
gekuaı sensory-deprived
gekuaıtoı fidgets with
gelı bile
gemuaq desensitized
gemıa bright
genolaı gene
genome genome
geobıa senecent
geochua deadname
geoduatua makes
geodıo afternoon
geodıu archaeology
geopoq old
geotoaq proto-Toaqic
geqcho likes
geqfa meet up
geqkoyrıaq forum
geqme congress
geqry gingery
geqsoa introduces
gere hedgehog
gero crane
gerou crane
gerozeo cranberry
gerymanıumy germanium
gesuoı striking
getea fears
getuq hyperfixates on
geu is
geıbeo changes clothes
geıcıa naked
geıdutao dresses up as
geıfao outerwear
geınua takes clothing
geıse outfit
geısıa naked
geısıao underwear
goachoq uses
goadıu geometry
goafuaq sculpture
goajaq voluminous
goajeaq spreads out
goamoa point in space
goamıq ubiquitous
goane volume
goanuaı physical money
goanuı spatially small
goaqchoacha breathy
goaqgoaı polishes
goara roars
goaraı physical thing
goasao spatially big
goashea void
goateı spatial
goaıboe tissue
goaıcıaduy slithers
goaıfuq towel
goaıgoaq slippery
goaıkaı scrapes
goaınua abrades
goaınua abrades material
goaınua wears
goaınua scrapes
goaıpıo grindstone
goaıse friction
goaısıaduo slips
goaızeo berry
godoı pika
goeq wall
goeqboe curtain
goeqche mason
goeqdıu masonry
goeqlaı number sign
goeqlea mural
goeqpeq wallpaper
goeqpoe separated
goeqtoaı brick
goeqtıesaı plaster
gohoshao propositions
golofe golf
gomo government
goqfe golf
gorılaı gorilla
gorılaı gorilla
gosokubo chicken egg
gosonage chicken nugget
gosonagety chicken nugget
gosonueq chicken meat
gosopoaı chicken egg
goutıao and
goı treats
goıchoq takes medication
goıdıu medicine
goımuo cures
goınuo under narcosis
goıpoaı medicine pill
goısaı medicine
goısaı medicine
goısaıche pharmacist
goısaıshuo pharmacy
goıshue hospitalized
goısoarıaq nurse's office
goısı examines
goıtaı cures
goıtoaı pill
goıtoaıkua pill organizer
goıtoı treats
gu'aı split
guabua inhabits country
guache monarch
guaqbeodıu geology
guaqbeotua terraforms
guaqbo has territory
guaqbueche aboriginal of
guaqdashı mud
guaqdeaq ground
guaqdıu topography
guaqdıu geography
guaqdıuche geographer
guaqfuaq map
guaqfuaqche cartographer
guaqfurıdıu seismology
guaqguaı farmer
guaqguqnıefa chimpanzee
guaqgıaıchuo hoe
guaqhuaı digs
guaqjeoq cave
guaqkuoq stone
guaqkıaq grass
guaqlabı true chameleon
guaqlabı'aı chameleon
guaqlabısıu chameleon
guaqleoq(tao)kuaı territorial
guaqmuoq ceramic
guaqmıq continent
guaqnueq stomach
guaqnulı crude oil
guaqpuao sea of clouds
guaqsaı soil
guaqsaımuoq earthen
guaqshamu potato
guaqteıdıu geomorphology
guaqtoe plows
guaqtoq tectonic plate
guaqzeo tuber
guaqzu Polish language
guaseachaq national holiday
guasoı is at war with
guasıao origin nation
guaıchaq weekday
guaıdaq work-time
guaıduo work shift
guaıduıbıa burnt out
guaıgaq co-worker
guaıguo task
guaıhua muscle
guaıjea hires
guaıjıoqkea work computer
guaıkua office
guaıleo tries hard to do
guaıleo focuses on task
guaıleoq lazy
guaıme organization
guaımechuaq communism
guaıpaqme project
guaırıeq puts off
guaıse work
guaıtoqfua workbench
guaıtıgaq body-doubles
gubu and
gubu odd in number
gubutu zero or one
gubuı nonbinary
gucheımuq shows the V sign
guedaı flexible
guedaıbu stiff
guekaı writes
guekuaı malleable
guele gland
guelo wolverine
guepoaqle brittle
guesheaq kneels
guesheaq leans
gueteı bend
guezuy warped
gugunobı AFAB
guheıcıpeoq iron
guhuaq more related
guja is the relation
gujeo and
gujeo and
gujeqda bigender
gujey bigender
gujue February
gukata two
gukojuju double-jumps
gulaq gland
gulaqteı second tone
guluao bilabial
guluaqmu two-player game
gulueq serves
gumıe amphibian
gumıedaosaı DNA
gunu gnu
guobe cattle
guobenueq beef
guobo pattern
guojuaq happens *again*
guoko is the
guola wolverine
guonıq new
guoqpoq asshole
guoraq specific
guoso cattle
guoteı pattern
gupaqcoaqluko wolf-dog
gupeoq helium
gupoaı testis
gupu rots
gupuheqmy composter
gupuloha rust
guqchuechao subway train
guqcoe hangs
guqdıaopıo stalagmite
guqfa descends
guqfuq undergarment
guqjıaq underworld
guqmuı metaphorical
guqsheaq understands
guqtaq vertical
guqtıeqhuaı digs a tunnel
gure both or none
gureq kidney
gurıopıe lungfish
gusa at least one
gusaonelaı bicameral letter
guseaq bisexual
gushe allows
gusheaq stands bipedally
gusheaqhe bipede
gushı is either
gusıa neither
gusıeme ordered pair
gusıoqfa bikes
gutoemy pair of scissors
gutoeqnhuo matrix
gutoeqpao grandparent
gutoeqsuoq grandchild
gutu both
guy cloth
guyboe cloth sheet
guıbeaq pitchfork
guıbıu sushi
guıche serialist
guıdıu serial science
guımuoq dough
guınhoq pasta
gygy happens in glugs
gıa'eku zebra
gıachea turban
gıakaq strip
gıakıao gateway
gıakıaotoq gate
gıaleoq fence
gıaoguaq desert
gıaotue dry spell
gıaqbaı produces
gıaqbıu flute
gıaqche musician
gıaqduo dances to music
gıaqduy dances
gıaqfıeq composes music
gıaqjaı vibing
gıaqkaı composes music
gıaqkaıse music score
gıaqkoı walks to music
gıaqloha bronze
gıaqpueq tapdances
gıaqshuaq plays music
gıaqshuaq plays music
gıaqshuaq produces music
gıaqteı melody
gıaqtua makes music
gıarueqluaq play tug of war
gıaıchuo pickaxe
gıaıkaı carves
gıaıkuq carves writing
gıaıkuqkaı carves writing
gıaıte carved
gıaıtedıu entomology
gıdoa rewards property
gıebıu sleeve
gıekea robotic arm
gıeshıoboe cape
gıfaq good occurrence
gıhuaq better than
gıjao is safe
gıkoy praises
gılıe has positive
gımajı blessed
gımuo perfect
gımıu approves
gıne has worth
gıneqjuq gets lucky
gıneqnu fortunately
gınu fortunately
gınıq fresh
gıochuao window
gıocıoq light switch
gıodoa lights
gıodıeq lights
gıogeo CMB
gıojıo lighthouse
gıokusu jack-o'-lantern
gıokıoq lightbulb
gıolıeq prism
gıomy light
gıonuoqchuo mirror
gıonıaq light year
gıopoa opaque
gıorıa transparent
gıoshuaq shines
gıosoaı ray of light
gıotı (object
gıotıcıa unilluminated
gıotıe opaque
gıotıtuao ill-lit
gıozıa emits light
gıozıa emits
gıozıasaı phosphorus
gıpo buddy
gıqbuoq ironic
gıqduı not enough
gıqkuq sarcastic
gıqmıaı alliterates with
gıqtı absent
gıqtısha departs
gıruo'oma benign tumor
gısoq is the best
gısıo good idea
gıtoaı score point
gıtoı treats
gıuchoı blade
gıuduo moves along path
gıufa goes along path
gıunhuo line
gıunuı narrow
gıusao wide
habanero habanero pepper
habı bird
haga feels a tickle
hagy wing
hajao neurodivergent
hajapurune apricot tree
hajapuruq apricot tree
hajataqpurune apricot tree
hajuı neurotypical
hakahua tuber
hakashuo tuber
hakazeo tuber
hako bear
haky wing
halapenho jalapeño pepper
halobıq Halloween
hamonıka harmonica
haogaq hangs out with
haogı welcome
haohao thingamajig
haohuı unwelcome
haomy doodad
hapaka alpaca
hapı bee
hapıduao honey
hapısaı beeswax
haqbaıcase recipe
haqbaıche cook
haqbaıkua kitchen
haqbaıkua kitchen
haqbaırıoq farm
haqboe menu
haqbuchuq has pica
haqbygy hamburger
haqbıu esophagus
haqchaı soup
haqche cook
haqchuq eats food
haqcıao cuisine
haqcıaruoı scrawny
haqcıu vomits up
haqcıukuaı feels nauseous
haqdoa feeds
haqfa out for food
haqfuq apron
haqgulaı Hangul
haqheqmy takeout box
haqhuapue gastropod
haqjueqkea blender
haqjuq obtains food
haqjuq feeds themselves
haqjuqbıu digestive tract
haqkahahua crop
haqkuaı craves food
haqlaı Han character
haqlueqche waitron
haqly snack
haqmılaı hanzi
haqnhuo buffet
haqpaoche farmer
haqpaodıu agriculture
haqpaoguaq farmland
haqpaorıaq farm
haqpaq ingredient
haqpuı feast
haqsaokua dining hall
haqshuaq farms
haqshuo food supply
haqsoy plate
haqsue orders
haqsıa vampire
haqtoaı nutrient
haqtoq plate
haqtoq plate
haqtoqny plateful
haqtıao food
haqzu CJK language
haqzy hanzi
hara scorpion
haranekoaı spiderweb
hary breathes
harypıa harpy
harı wizard
hasa sighs
hashu sneezes
hashufuq handkerchief
hashıdao hash-tag
hatıao is customizable
hawı bird
haıku haiku
heaqfa carries
heaqmu carried
heaqshaı drops
heaqsho picks up
heaqshuo inventory
heaqtıao portable
heaqtıao portable
hebesaı rubber
hebı bird
hedeaı status
hehaqraıruatıtıeq HRT
hekero maple tree
hekuchuoı whip
hekuq says
helemo elm
heleq elbow bone
heo and
heocuage allergen
heocuahe allergic
heodua can distinguish
heohueq is a mark
heojeymaı heterosexual
heomaı straight
heomaı heteromantic
heome heterogenous
heomıa varied
heomıu act of hypocrisy
heoqgıabo armadillo
heoqshaq belly
heoseaq heterosexual
heoseje LGBTQ
heoshaq side
heosıca distracts
heotı off
hepe herpes
hepetesıu mongoose
heqbeq looks stuffy
heqcheose mixture
heqfa elf
heqfuq purse
heqgoa vessel
heqgu eel
heqjeoq bowl
heqmy container
heqmy container
heqmy container
heqnıu potted plant
heqruaq asserts
heroe heroic
heroe'aı heroic
heruo arrow
heseoq climate
hewı bird
hey and
hey instance
heydaı alternative
heytou is nonfungible
heytuqfuaq NFT
heıgazeo acorn
heıgucheı duodenum
heıgujue December
heıgıe squid.
heıjue October
heıkata ten
heıshıjue November
heıshıjue'aramoshıcıaguo No Nut November
hoaqdoaı toast
hoaqfuı flammable
hoaqgıo firelight
hoaqhıao burns (injury)
hoaqkıu flammable
hoaqleq flame
hoaqloha magnesium
hoaqluq smolders
hoaqluı charcoal
hoaqnao alcohol
hoaqpuao smoke
hoaqpuo ash
hoaqpuoloha potassium
hoaqpıo coal
hoaqpıotuı dragon
hoaqraq nettle
hoaqrıo plasma
hoaqrıo smoke
hoaqshuao phoenix
hoaqtue fire
hoaıduoı goes on and on
hoaıhaq leftover food
hoaınu still the case
hobı sheep
hobıche shepherd
hobıkıaq wool
hobınueq mutton
hochu east
hoe'achu sun-sneezes
hoeboe sun disks
hoebuaq brown dwarf
hoecıao Toaq culture
hoedıu astronomy
hoefu Toaqist
hoegoeq awning
hoegua Toaqland
hoegıo sunlight
hoejıao solar deity
hoejıaı navigates
hoekaqshıa sunglasses
hoeloha gold
hoelohareo gold-colored
hoeluı stellar remnant
hoeme constellation
hoemıa sunny
hoemıao solar eclipse
hoene hour
hoenoaı sunscreen
hoepoq alien
hoepoqchao UFO
hoerua sunflower
hoerıqpıo chrysoberyl
hoesaı helium
hoesaı helium
hoeshıy sunset
hoesoaı sunbeam
hoesıoq galaxy
hoesıu shiny
hoetoa word in Toaq
hoetoq solar panel
hoetıaq suntanned skin
hoetıe darkened screen
hoezaq sunrise
hoezeo nightshade
hoezu Toaq language
hohao he
hojı us
hokapı okapi
hokı hockey
homalı ex forma
homaqrıoq animacy class
homopapy'omabıru HPV
honı is this
hopa satisfied by him
hoqkeo however the case
hoqraı abstract
hoqsa jaguar
hoqsıe case afterwards
hoqtekı computer
horachıu is the time
horaı animate
hore west
horolo Xorlo
hosy bone
hota =
hoty bone
house suggestion 🏡
hoılaseu Euler's number
hoıly euler's number
hoımu following
hoıtoa anaphora
hoıtoa pro-word
huabo has body part
huaduo gestures
huakea prosthetic limb
huakuaq expresses
huakuq signs
huakuqtoaı chereme
huaohua dewlap
huaomoe feels relaxed
huaopaq flap
huaoreı loosely surround
huaorueq stretchable
huaorueqchuo bellows
huapaq body part
huaqchua a
huaqloı envies
huaqmea majority
huaqmoe feels arrogant
huaqsho surpasses
huaqsoı tries to one-up
huarueqduo stretches
huaıchuo shovel
huaılyjıaı spoons
huaılyreaq spoon
huaımy spoon
huaımyne spoonful
huaımyny spoonful
hue'o velvet
huecea pillow
huela vulva
huela'aı yonic
huelo velvet
huelobosa Asian hornet
hueq surface, facet
hueqjo tetrahedron
hueqsı gropes
huku squash
hukushu squash
hunagıe tentacle
huobo has the sound
huocıa deaf
huocıacıao Deaf culture
huode sounds beautiful
huodeq can hear
huofıe sounds ugly
huogaıkea microphone
huoge emits sound
huohuasaı cerumen
huohuı sounds bad
huohıaq hard of hearing
huojıoq antenna
huonueqhua earlobe
huosoakea hearing aid
huosıu sounds like
huotoaı phone
huoıbıo cup
huoıcıa frog
huoısıa tailless
hupa pushes
hupa(mıeq)chuo barometer
hupacey breathes out
hupacheoq tube
hupacuhy breathes out
hupacıoq button
hupı fox
huqjeo indeed
huqkıa snow leopard
hurahe witch
hurıgupaqluko wolf-dog
hurıluko wolf
huıbu not bad
huıcaqruaq blames
huıche villain
huıchoq wastes
huıchıaı morally wrong
huıdaımoe feels anxiety
huıdaımoı feels anxiety
huıdaısı worries
huıfaq goes wrong
huıhota metastasizes
huıjua silly person
huıjua abnormal
huıjuıshaı abandons
huıkoe blames
huıkoy condemns
huıkuaı sadistic
huıkuıhuı punishes
huılıecho masochist
huılıetua punishes
huımajı curse
huımajı cursed
huımajıbo cursed
huımoegaq feels sympathy
huımoı feels anxiety
huımıu disapproves
huıneqjuq gets unlucky
huıneqnu unfortunately
huınu unfortunately
huınua steals
huınuy takes revenge on
huınıq viral
huınıqdoe virus
huıpoqnua abducts
huıpueq commits treason
huıpıotuı dinosaur
huıruo'oma malignant tumor
huısao intimidating
huıseoq storm
huıshao is malicious
huıshaofey paranoid
huıshıq stinks
huıshıqsaı sulfur
huıtaoheq jail
huıtaojıo jail
huıtoaı penalty point
huıtoı mistreats
huıtoı'eı bully
huıtuaruaq blames
hıa is
hıaoboq protects
hıaobu safe
hıaocaı damaging
hıaochuo weapon
hıaocıa safe
hıaocıa safe
hıaocıasıo idea of safety
hıaodaıruaqse warning
hıaodea batters
hıaodoemıetoaı virus
hıaogıq heals
hıaoheaq armed
hıaojao safe from danger
hıaojoaısı vigilant
hıaojuqcho masochist
hıaokea virus
hıaokuaı aggressive
hıaoleo attacks
hıaomoe feels hurt
hıaonuı pathogen
hıaopuo gunpowder
hıaorıeqsoa rescues
hıaorıeqsoache rescuer
hıaosaıbıa poisoned
hıaose wound
hıaoshao is cruel towards
hıaosuao severe
hıaotaocho sadist
hıaote hurt
hıaotoaı ammunition
hıaotuafaı is cruel towards
hıaotue disaster
hıaotıechuo bandage
hıaqkuaı feels burnt out
hıaına hyena
hıbu whatever
hıderudo raspberry plant
hıderudo red raspberry
hıe'eku hippopotamus
hıechao wagon
hıefa carries
hıeheku hippopotamus
hıejeoq bucket
hıejeoqny bucketful
hıeku liver
hıena hyena
hıeq throws
hıeqboe frisbee
hıeqbıa feels nauseous
hıeqbıu cannon
hıeqbıukea gun
hıeqfuo pushes on
hıeqgıqfuo pulls on
hıeqjuq catches
hıeqmı knight
hıeqnuao bow
hıeqnuaobeaq arrow
hıeqnuaohaq arrow
hıeqnuaokea crossbow
hıeqpoaq explodes
hıeqpoaqkea bomb
hıeqse projectile
hıeqtaq jumps
hıesıaıbıu artery
hıguana iguana
hıgıe hygienic
hımıeq classifies
hıohaı acknowledges
hıoqdeaı worthy
hıoqgıq ashamed
hıoqjue Pride Month
hıoqkuq brags about
hıoqshuıkuq humble brags
hıpı hippie
hıpı hippie
hıqsoq is the latest
hıraı is
hıu'eku hippopotamus
hıuguao fork in a river
hıuguoq mouth of a river
hıupıo quartz
jachuao lambda slot
jachuaocıa nullary
jacoese binding
jao[kaq]bıu telescope
jaocaqkea remote control
jaochuo television
jaocua is (being) cold
jaodoa sends
jaodoy pushes
jaofa goes away
jaoheo exotic
jaokaıse telegram
jaolaq telephone
jaolaqsue phones
jaome sparse
jaomuo is unlike
jaoshuao turkey
jaotaq sparse
jaotoa SMS
jaqbeı so much the case
jaqbu'eqbı demi-non-binary
jaqbulıq demi-female
jaqbunaq demi-male
jaqchoaımute apple product
jaqchu mildly the case
jaqchuaqpoq egalitarian
jaqhıao injured
jaqhıaote injured
jaqmaıchıtoı love-bombs
jaqnu so much the case
jaqtuao case to a rather
jara runs
jaragoeq hurdle
jaıbuq smiles
jaıbıa manic
jaıgaq happy
jaıjaı shares the joy
jaıjaıkuaq congratulates
jea buys
jeadoaqpaq shopping
jeakao receipt
jealuao storefront
jealuoı for sale
jeaqchua additional name
jeaqchuq snacks on
jeaqdao tag
jeaqdaıbu cannot increase
jeaqdıakaı WriTEs
jeaqfıeq copies
jeaqfıeqkuaı feels inspired
jeaqjuoı elaborates on
jeaqjıqzıu hyperreal number
jeaqkuq adds
jeaqlıao yeast
jeaqnaby sandwich
jeaqnao (a) sauce
jeaqshuaq copies
jeaqshue dust
jeatoaı transaction
jeaı is the same as
jedaı jedi
jehua is a
jehudı Jewish
jehudıchuaq Judaism
jeku liver
jemusao gigantic
jemy glue
jeobo has truth value
jeocuaq proposition
jeodaı proposition
jeogaı perceives
jeogı is suitable
jeogı good for one
jeohuı not good for one
jeojao far from true
jeojeo for sure
jeojeo indeed
jeomao also the case
jeomucuaq property
jeomudaı property
jeomı common noun
jeopaq feature
jeoqchuo bowl
jeoqhua pelvis
jeoru and
jeotoa verb
jeotoa "atomic verb"
jeotoachue serial
jeotoarıoq frame
jeotoı is with
jeq identical
jeqbokuaı envies
jeqchoq shares
jeqchoqjuao copyright
jeqchoqkeaıjuao open licence
jeqchuaq egalitarianism
jeqda gender
jeqdabeo transgender
jeqdacıa agender
jeqdajeı cisgender
jeqdakuaı gender-envies
jeqdaru'o exhibits
jeqdashue cisgender
jeqdasuku transgender
jeqdy gender
jeqheo is the same as
jeqjeymaı homosexual
jeqmaı gay
jeqmaı homoromantic
jeqme uniform
jeqmoe zen
jeqpue isopod
jeqpıa same-sex sibling
jeqruo imitates
jeqseaq homosexual
jeqtoe cuts
jey gender
jeyboq cassgender
jeycuao genderqueer
jeycıa agender
jeyfaı cisgender
jeygoısaı HRT
jeyhuaqloı gender-envies
jeyleı transgender
jeymaıcıa asexual
jeyrıe intergender
jeıbu different thing
jeıgaı recognizes
jeıheo another
jeıkuq says exactly
jeısıo identity
joagu fortnight
joamoa time of the week
joaqmı king
joaıjıoq finds that
joaısı on the lookout
joaıtaı finds
joaıtoa keyword
joegı is a master at
joekea smart device
joene is
joenetoaı experience point
joga yoga
jogoashaha 4D chess
jogu yogurt
joguchuaı frozen yogurt
joguru yoghurt
jogury yogurt
jojue April
jojıeq square
jokata four
jolaqteı fourth tone
jonapu on the ball
jopue tetrapod
joqboe front page
joqbuchua side name
joqhaq entrée
joqhuachuoı halter
joqhuachylı pillow
joqhuafuaq portrait
joqhuakuoq skull
joqhuapue cephalopod
joqhuasıaı haemorrhage
joqkua living room
joqkıaq head hair
joqmua is the epitome
joqmuq dominant hand
joqreaı antithesis
joqreo hue
joqrıaq main place
joqshaqfuq face mask
joqshaqtıe mask
joqsoı is at war with
joqtoaı protein
joqtoaıhuı prion
josheaqhe quadrupede
joıgıq case instead
joılıaq is the situation
juabea xenarthran
juabu normal
juabıao befuddled
juagıq ordinary
juahıaq typical
juajua aberration
juakuaı feels playful
juamıa atypical
juaobue abode
juaobuı exception
juaocha happens lawfully
juaochebuajıao police station
juaochıaıjoaı prosecutes
juaochıaıjuku prosecutes
juaochıaıjıaı arrests
juaochıaıruaq accuses
juaocokı legal system
juaocuegı official
juaocıao society
juaoduebo legal
juaodı legal
juaodıu judisprudence
juaofıeqpoq juridical person
juaohuı irregular
juaojıo court
juaokache judge
juaokakuaq judges
juaokakuq judges
juaokoaq major
juaokuı is due to law
juaome policy
juaomea conforms to rule
juaomıeqfuaı law-interpreting
juaomıeqfıuq law-interpreting
juaopoq legal person
juaopıao irregular
juaoruaqjoe is a
juaorıaq court
juaoshaıche abolitionist
juaoshuaı regular
juaosoı acts against law
juaosoınuaınua commits fraud
juaotoa particle
juaotua limits
juase side effect
juateı xenomorph
juaıfuq formal clothing
juaıse serious business
jucı commits crime
juegu two-month period
jueq stirs
jueqchoarıa diphthong
jueqchı crank
jueqseaı cocktail
juju jumps
juku hunts
juku hunts
julu incidental
junu case by the way
juo written message
juoboq "blocks"
juoche postman
juochedıeq sends
juocheme postal office
juochıu mail address
juodeoq communicates
juoheq envelope
juojıo post office
juoqcuagı responsible
juotoq sign
juoıgı exact
juoıhuı inexact
juoıjıe ascribes
juoıkoy describes
juoıkuq describes
juoıkuq describes
juoıkıu is characterized
juoımu described
juoısoa explains
juoıtaqse self-description
juqca has an effect on
juqcey breathes in
juqcuhy breathes in
juqdeaı deserves
juqfa goes to get
juqguolaı sinogram
juqguose made in China
juqgı is good for
juqgıboq prevents
juqgıtao does
juqhuı bad
juqhuıle risky
juqjoaı on the lookout
juqkea client machine
juqkuaq accepts property
juy is the same as
juıbu barely the case
juıcua is (being) warm
juıdoy pulls
juıduo passes
juıfa passes
juıkoı passes
juıme dense
juıpeo passes
juıshaı leaves behind
juıtaq dense
jyq is common with
jıabuaq forgets to do
jıadıu futurology
jıajoa next week
jıajue next month
jıakoe plans to do
jıakoekao to-do list
jıakuaı restless
jıaleo plans to do
jıanıaq next year
jıao'aı sacred
jıao'eı holy cow
jıaodeoq prays
jıaodıu theology
jıaogoafuaq idol
jıaogı (event) is pious
jıaokeq gold
jıaokuq preaches
jıaokuqche priest
jıaolua myth
jıaonulıruaı Christ
jıaoraq divine
jıaqbıatue pandemic
jıaqheoq equator
jıaqjeo is true in world
jıaqjıq exists in world
jıaqkoaı World Wide Web
jıaqkoaıluaqchuo web browser game
jıaqkoaıluaqmu web browser game
jıaqkoaırıaq website
jıaqkıoq globe
jıaqloqtue climate change
jıataı remembers to do
jıaıdeq prehensile
jıaıdoa hands
jıaıfoaq is cuddly with
jıaıgue hook
jıaıjuq captures
jıaıkoımy ladder
jıaımy handle
jıaınıoq canine teeth
jıaıpaq handle
jıaıse handful
jıaıtaı catches
jıdao fennec
jıefuı easy
jıegı well-respected
jıehuı ill-respected
jıekıu subjective
jıekıugıq objective
jıelu subjective
jıemıa common opinion
jıenoa hard
jıeqbo pointy
jıeqguese angle
jıhao us
jıjı two of us
jıjıe how I deem
jıme us
jıobuı outdoors
jıobıu chimney
jıodıu architecture
jıofuaq ground plan
jıofıeqche architect
jıoluko dog
jıonıe indoors
jıopuefuq slipper
jıoqdaotoq spreadsheet
jıoqdıu mathematics
jıoqfıeq devises
jıoqgaq workshops
jıoqjuao program
jıoqjuaobeo hack
jıoqjuaogoı debugs program
jıoqkea computer
jıoqkea calculator
jıoqseı mathematical
jıoqtaı calculates that
jıotanı pillar
jıpa satisfied by me
jıqbıao has psychosis
jıqchoq uses
jıqchuaq existentialism
jıqcuao transcendent
jıqhaı already exists
jıqjeo literally true
jıqjeo legitimately
jıqjıao True God
jıqjıaq real world
jıqjıaq reality
jıqkaq real
jıqlua true story
jıqluı extinct
jıqnaı extant
jıqsho comes true
jıqshı entity
jıqtue fact
jıqtuq universe
jıqtıao accurate
jıqzy jeans
jıqzıu real number
jıtoa pronoun
jıtogı clue
jıucoaq domesticated
jıucıu births
jıudoa gives birth
jıuhua womb
jıujıa embryo
jıushoe bears
jıusıao births
jıutua bears
kabe hoe
kabeta hoes
kabetao hoes
kabo carbon
kabokaıchuo pencil
kabokaıchuochoıchuo pencil sharpener
kabosaı is
kacanha chestnut tree
kadeoq declares
kadeoq declares
kafaq hereby the case
kafepuo coffee grounds
kafyka'aı Kafkaesque
kafykyhese Kafkaesque
kahahua throat
kahıa great
kajıa swears oath
kakao cacao
kakaofaseo cocoa bean
kakaopuo cocoa powder
kakoe decides
kakytosıu cactus
kalu hereby the case
kamaqbe pie chart
kamechaı Camellia tea
kanoa canoe
kanı rabbit
kanınueq rabbit meat
kaochıo logs into
kaodıeq uploads
kaojuq downloads
kaokaıche scribe
kaolaı file
kaopeq paper document
kaoshaı logs out
kaosho signs up
kapacosoa abets
kapasasaı cotton
kapasaı cotton
kaqbo has appearance
kaqchuao window
kaqcıa blind
kaqdao view
kaqdeq can see
kaqdeqbu blind
kaqdeqcıa blind
kaqfoa looks
kaqfıe visually ugly
kaqgaıkea film camera
kaqgaıkıu visible
kaqgaıtaqchuo mirror
kaqge has appearance
kaqhuacıuse rheum
kaqhuı looks bad
kaqjua looks weird
kaqjı kanji
kaqjı congee
kaqmuoı rolls their eyes
kaqnuao brow
kaqnuaokıaq eyebrow
kaqpoarıa blinks
kaqpy camps
kaqpyloe campfire
kaqpyrıaq campsite
kaqrı Welsh
kaqrıgua Wales
kaqse look
kaqshue stares at
kaqshıa lens
kaqshıashı monocle
kaqsıpıo calcite
kaqsıu visually similar
kaqtıenua opens his
karama karma
karate karate
kareqko rattles
karo goat
karonuısıu mouse-deer
karotoq carrot
karı curry
kasha offers
kasuarı cassowary
kası nut
kata card
katame deck of cards
katana katana
kato cat
katochea cat-ears hat
katosoı catfights with
kazu kazoo
kaı records
kaıce article
kaıche scribe
kaıdoa posts message
kaıfıeq writes
kaıfıeq writes
kaıfıeqche writer
kaıgıq erases
kaıgıqchuo eraser
kaıkue notebook
kaıkuq writes
kaıkıq cartoon
kaımuoq ink
kaımıeq spells out
kaınao ink
kaınaocea ink sac
kaıpume archive
kaıpıo graphite
kaırıoq font
kaısebe stub article
kaısekoaq final draft
kaıshea blank
kaısho print
kaıtoaq written language
kaıtoaı written stroke
kaıtoq whiteboard
keacaq operates
keafuaq screenshot
keakaı types text
keakue webpage
keakuq texts
keapoq robot
keaqcuaı marinated
keaqkushu brined cucumber
keaqkusu pickle
keaqloha sodium
keaqsaı salt
keaqsaıheq salt shaker
keazu machine language
keaılaı is a ticket
keaıleı is privileged in
kebo'aqshe hinny
kebıq kelvin
kechapy ketchup
kelaqteı rising tone
keleo clitoris
kena stork
keobusuaojıejı never.mind
keopı quasi-copy
keoruaq retorts, objects
kepa onion
keqjuo shitpost
keqkea shitter.
keqkuaı has to poop
keqnoa constipated
keqnıu weed
keqpueq fucks up
kere scrotum
kerıoq is a type of
kesha clown
keto cetacean
kezu vinegar
kezute pickled
kezutua pickles
ko is nth among
ko'aı the internet
ko'aıcoe links
ko'aıcoe links
koacuaı dank
koafurı shivers
koahako polar bear
koakea air conditioning
koakuakea air conditioner
koaloy “raw”
koalıe feels cold
koamoe cool
koamuao Aspen tree
koaqjeaq grows
koarıokea air conditioning
koatue cold spell
koaıfachuo web browser
koaınoaqchuo web browser
kobodo Kobold
koche automobile
kocy goo
kocytıe slimy
koe chooses
koecachuaq determinism
koecaı is confident
koechuaq existentialism
koekuaq votes
koekıu available
koenoa is at a dilemma
koerue is vacillating
koese was chosen
koesheı has a choice
koeteoq closed question
koetoı selects
kofıdyheıneıbıa has COVID-19
koja captures
koko related
kokozeo coconut
kola cola
kolera cholera
komodobarala Komodo dragon
komorebı is komorebi
konı European rabbit
konıly bnuuy
konıq European rabbit
kopuq ordered group
kopıo scorpion
kopıpagechı copypasta
kopıruo mimics
koqchoacha creaky voice
koqlaq creaking
koqpu computer
koqpue armadillo
koqputo computer
koqputoq computer
koqro cartilage
koqto account
koqtofuaq profile picture
korotu spotted hyena
koruo raven
korıo hazel
koselo hazel
kosı = cos
kotua sorts
koychue exchange
koyrıaq chatroom
koyrıoq social identity
koysoı argues with
koytea shy
koıbeaq walking stick
koıbuaq trips
koıceaq hoof
koıceaqbo ungulate
koıfa goes
koıhua leg
koısoıche infantry soldier
ku'aı orientation
ku'aı is
kuajeq roommate
kuane roomful
kuany roomful
kuaokuq blogs
kuaomıo colour azure
kuaomıo of the colour
kuaopıo turquoise
kuaqba challenges
kuaqgıq represses
kuaqhuı deceitfully
kuaqkuq announces
kuaqtoa interjection
kuaqtoaı sentence
kuasu kvass
kuaıboaıle impulsive
kuaıca tempting
kuaıcaq controls
kuaıge inspiration
kuaıkuaı insatiable
kuaıluaq teases
kuaıruo(he) impulsive
kuaıshaı gets bored of
kuaıtuagezıa suggests
kubo egg
kubobao egg white
kuboboe omelette
kubolue egg yolk
kubopıu eggshell
kudote converse
kueboe book page
kuecea book-bag
kueche librarian
kuefua bookcase
kuejıo library
kuejıoqkea laptop
kuekao book
kuekea printing press
kueme book series
kuemuı definition
kueneotoq bookshelf
kuepo vagina
kueqbeq heap
kueqboche collector
kueqbıu funnel
kueqgıq disperse
kueqse crowd
kueqtuapua collects
kuetıe book cover
kugu sneaking
kugupoq sneaky person
kuha cheese
kuhachochı nachos
kuhachıkyq nacho
kuhapoaı omelette
kuku typical cuckoo
kukı cookie
kulo mosquito
kunechoa barks
kunemuse prairie dog
kuobao black-and-white
kuochaı black tea
kuohuohua caracal
kuojeoq black hole
kuoluaq black player
kuopo black player’s
kuoqbo vertebrate
kuoqbue shell
kuoqbuq beak
kuoqchu bone marrow
kuoqhuna cartilage
kuoqleoq shell
kuoqme skeleton
kuoqnhuo ribcage
kuoqnıaı vertebrate
kuoqpuo bone meal
kuoqpıu shell
kuoqsaı bone
kuorıba blackcurrant
kuoshuao crow
kuosoq neck
kuoıchoaı is discounted
kuoımea minority
kupı carp
kuqbuaq means to say
kuqca remarkable
kuqceme chat server
kuqcheu tells lie
kuqchey tells lie
kuqgıaıkaı carves writing
kuqha as they say
kuqhuı tells the lie
kuqhıao insults
kuqkaı transcribes text
kuqkaı writes
kuqkaıse transcript
kuqkıu remarkable
kuqmuo done talking
kuqpoaqse fragment
kuqpuao speech bubble
kuraı topic
kuru hunts down
kurınıu berry bush
kushu cucumber
kushu cuddles
kushumy plushie
kusu squash
kusukuaı squishes
kusunıu plant
kuykuy croaks
kuytao pleads
kuzu kudzu
kuı thus the case
kuıgıqcıa pointless
kuıkuq explains
kuımu case
kuıne predetermined
kuıruaq justifies
kuısheatoa a-priori word
kuıtao motivated
kuıtua justifies
kyneıda cnidarian
kyno horn
kynobosa European hornet
kyryse European hornet
kıabeq itch
kıaca perceived as red
kıacuao infrared color
kıage red
kıaloa spectrum
kıaloha copper
kıamıao lunar eclipse
kıanaokusu watermelon
kıaoche gatekeeper
kıaogıu corridor
kıaojıaıpaq door handle
kıaosıu thyroid gland
kıaotoqcıoq doorknob
kıapıo brick
kıaqbuaı has long hair
kıaqche barber
kıaqchuo comb or brush
kıaqcıa hairless
kıaqdoq has short hair
kıaqketea baleen whale
kıaqme patch of hairs
kıaqnua cuts
kıaqnıu grass
kıaqsıqsaı shampoo
kıaqteı hairstyle
kıaqtoe cuts hair
kıarıba redcurrant
kıashao flushes
kıashaq blushes
kıaıhe carer
kıboy keyboard
kıbu is impervious
kıbumıetoaı immunocyte
kıbutoaı antibody
kıbutua antigen
kıbı kiwi fruit
kıdo copper
kıedoa rewards
kıegıq feels resentment
kıejuq gets reward
kıejuqtıao merits
kıeqca disgusting
kıeqgueca cringy
kılo kilogram
kılo kilogram
kılo is
kıma mint
kımakıoq breath mint
kımı bedbug
kıokılaı parentheses
kıolaı left parenthesis
kıoq'aı rounded
kıoqbıu cylinder
kıoqgupaq hemisphere
kıoqgıo lantern
kıoqjıoqchuo abacus
kıoqmuoı torus
kıoqmuoıhaq bagel
kıoqseu number π
kıoqsuoı marbellous
kıoraq parenthetical
kıpu quipu
kıqchuao screen
kıqchue TV series
kıqgaı watches a movie
kıqkea video screen
kıqluaq plays videogame
kıqsıeme video series
kıqtoq video screen
kırou something
kırı cute
kırısytochuaq Christianity
kırısytochuaqkue bible
kızıa emits a click
labı lion
labıbodoa thrown
ladoq lad
lago lagomorph
lalea tulip
lama llama
lamıa lamia
laocaı patient
laocaıcıa impatient
laocheo in a deadlock
laochoa stutters
laofabeta alphabet
laofey excited
laojaı looks forward
laojoe patient
laonıeq impatient
laorue impatient
laotao ditzes
laqbıo bell
laqchue melody
laqchuo horn
laqdaqchuo timer
laqdıeq podcast
laqgeateılaı tone mark
laqgeateızu tonal language
laqjuo podcast
laqkea speaker
laqkıoq jingly bell
laqleaqdıu phonotactics
laqleoq earplugs
laqluoq harmony
laqme chord
laqnuoq echo
laqpaq gets this bread
laqrua orchid
laqruaq beeps
laqruoq monotone
laqshuaq emits sound
laqshuaqdıu phonics
laqsy salmon
laqtoa onomatopoeia
laqzıa emits a sound
laraı proposition
laruq larynx
laruqbeq Adam's apple
lasa curls up
lazanha lasagna
lazaqnha lasagna
lazulıpıo lapis lazuli
laıbaı spells out
laıboe flag
laıchea diacritic
laıcıuse hormone
laıdıeq signs
laıgıu line of text
laıhaqgıly Korean character
laıkaı spells out
laıkoekea keyboard
laılea calligraphy
laılua symbolic story
laınıaı allegory
laıpaq diacritic
laırıoı label
laısaı hormone
laıshı Christ
laısucao Christmas
laısuchuaq Christianity
laısujıuchaq Christmas
laısujıulaochaq Christmas Eve
laısunıqjıuchaq Easter
laısıo is a metaphor
laıteı letterform
laıteıme font or typeface
laıtıq Latin
leabo artistic
leachue serialized
leagı of good quality
leagıkuaı perfectionist
leaqbua neighbor
leaqbueme neighborhood
leaqjıome neighborhood
leata (an) aesthetic
leatıqme mosaic
lecagı conducive
ledua guesses
legıq improbable
leje cork
lejeheıga cork oak
lemuo sure to occur
lemuresıu lemur
lena dress
leokaıse essay
leoq(tao)kuaı defensive
leoqchea helmet
leoqfuq armor
leoqheaqsıu house centipede
leoqhıesıu house centipede
leoqmy shield
leoqrıaq shelter
leoqtao protects
leoqtıe armor
leoqtıq scute
leoshaıcıa is persistent
leposıu rabbit
leqfuo licks
leqfurılaq trill
leqhuaı licks
leqhuaıcheo french
leqjıeqcha apical
leqlıacha lateral
leqtoqcha laminal
leı rare
loachue forum
loahıupıo amethyst
loakepa red onion
loanıu violet
loaqdea spanks
loaqjeoq asscrack
loaqmoe feels assertive
loaıbaga pumps
loaıbıa has the flu
loaıbıu spout
loaıdaı fluid
loaıdaıtuao semiliquid
loaıfua fountain
loaıfuı runny
loaıfuısaı lubricant
loaıgoaı slips
loaıhua heart
loaıhua heart
loaıkea pump
loaılaq approximant
loaılaq continuant
loaıluao spout
loaımeoq viscous
loaınoa viscous
loaıpıo magma
loaırıaı fountain
loaırıo(saı) is
loaıshua pours onto
loaısuaı runny
loaıtoa danmaku comment
loaıtua lung
loaıtuacha pulmonic
loebeaq candle or torch
loebıu chimney
loebıutuaı pyrosome
loechuo lighter
loefa moth
loefua wood-burner
loehaq fuel
loehıeqchuo flame thrower
loekıa crimson
loekıoq fireball
loeleq flame
loeloy roasted
loemeı volcano
loemeıpıo basalt
loenao lava
loepoaı ember
loepuao smoke
loepuaobıu chimney
loepıo coal
loepıo flint
loepıotuı dragon
loereobo bullfinch
loerua firework
loerıaq fireplace
loeshuao phoenix
loeshıa obsidian
loetue fire
lofaıfuaq lo-fi artwork
lofaıgıaq lo-fi music
logylaq Loglan language
loha metal
lohachuoı wire
lohagupu rusts
lohagıaq metal
lohakoaı chainmail
lohaluaı ironic
lohamechuoı cable
lohatıeq railroad
lojıbaqpoq lojbanist
lojıbo Lojbanic
lojıbozu Lojban language
loqcıa raw
loqdekı thermometer
loqduı burns
loqhaq cooked
loqhaq brewed food
loqhaqbaı brews food
loqhıao burns
loqkoa lukewarm
loqlaq Loglan language
loqloaıdaı molten
loqloy cooked with heat
loqluı cooked
loqlıe feels hot
loqne temperature
loqnechuo thermometer
loqpuefuq slipper
loqsa jaguar
loqtue heat wave
loqzıa radiates heat
loycıa raw
loynueq prepared meat
loıbaq Lojban language
loıchuaq systemic
loıcua avenges property
loıfea puts up with
loıseaq hatefucks
luakoaq koan
luaofuo kisses
luaojıaı kisses
luaokıaq mustache
luaokıaqketea baleen whale
luaolaq labial consonant
luaoleoq lip balm
luaonhou kisses
luaoroınıoq labiodental
luaosaı lipstick
luaotoı kisses
luaotuaq beak
luaqcaqchuo game controller
luaqcha game mode
luaqcha play gamemode
luaqche occupational
luaqchukao save file
luaqchuo toy
luaqcıtoq die
luaqduogıaqme suite
luaqfıeq tinkers
luaqgaq plays with
luaqguo game
luaqgı entertaining
luaqjuao rule of a game
luaqjuao game
luaqkata playing card
luaqkoeduaı in zugzwang
luaqkıoq marble
luaqkıq videogame
luaqmoe has fun
luaqmu game
luaqmy toy
luaqne score in a game
luaqne game variable
luaqne has score
luaqpoq piece
luaqse game played
luaqtao play(s) game
luaqtaı wins in game
luaqtoaı game turn
luaqtue (game) position
luaruaq tells story
luaruco tells story
luaruo acts out
luası listens to
luaıche humorist
luaıde whimsical
luaıkuq tells joke
luaıkuqse joke
luaımoe amused
luaıruo jokester
luaıse funny thing
luaıtaose joke deed
luce ulcer
lueqce server
lueqduaı slave
lueqjuq client
lueqkea server
lueqluaq subs
lueqmuce client
luerıq of color
lufı is
lujıoq infers
luko dog
lukuq says
lukuıjıoq infers
lukuımoı infers
lulu french-kisses
lulu french-kisses
lumuoıhapoıjıaıhoa cell phone
luocheo family
luochua family name
luojeq family member
luomea family member
luoqbeaq scales
luoqkea balance scale
luoqruo and
luoraq related
luoshı family member
luoı is a target
lupaqdıu logic
lupaqjıoq infers
lupaqmoı infers
luqbu waist
luqdıu mindfulness
luqke lynx
luqnao pond
lurıaı justifies
lusha slips
lushaca slippery
lutoa predicate word
lutoame predicate phrase
lutoame relative clause
luıgıq going
luısho reaches
luısho passes
lıadao tag
lıahua side
lıajeo parallel
lıakoı crab-walks
lıamı bishop
lıao'aka hypha
lıaodıu mycology
lıaojeaq leavens
lıaolaı lichen
lıapeo passes
lıarea side
lıaı floats
lıaıhua fin
lıaıhua fine
lıaıhuapue pinniped
lıaırıaq swimming pool
lıaısheq diving knife
lıaıshoaı fin
lıaıshoaı fine
lıbo has property
lıefa explores
lıekuaı craves adventure
lıeqgoa corner
lıeqnua wedges
lıezao is accustomed
lıla lilac
lına clay
lıofeo west direction
lıomuqpoq left-handed
lıopaq left part
lıq'a lass
lıq'aı feminine
lıq'aı feminine
lıqbaka cow
lıqcıo adolescent girl
lıqfu daughter
lıqguoso cow
lıqhupı vixen
lıqhupıseo fox wife
lıqkata queen
lıqky link
lıqlaı female sign ♀
lıqnaq androgynous
lıqpa lymph
lıqpoaı ovum
lıqruo feminine
lıuloha lithium
lıuloha aluminium
lıuloy lightly fried
lıumıaoloha aluminium
lıuney abashed
lıureo pastel-colored
lıusoqloha lithium
ma'ı romantic
mabea magic wand
mabo has truth value
mabula execrable
mace mates with
macha matcha
machachaı matcha tea
maduepojıpıo amirite
madıkata tarot
madıkatame tarot
mago olive
magonulı olive oil
magopıo olivine
magınabı spiraculous.
maheo differs
mahoganı mahogany tree
majı magic itself
majıbeaq magic wand
majıbo enchanted
majıche magician
majıjeo happens by magic
majılaı sigil
majılıqdeo magical girl
majımy magical trinket
majınao potion
majıpeq magical scroll
majıpoq magician
majısoaı magical beam
majıtao happens by magic
makasıq moccasin
malahı angel
mame breast
mana mana
manaopıo agate
manha believes in
maodaq peony
maojanaby banana bread
maojıe projects
maomao meow-meow cat
maomao meows
maqga manga
maqkaıheaq mango tree
maqneloha magnesium
maqnesıoq magnesium
maqnı is this
maqpa satisfied by it
maqraı inanimate
mara fluffy
maro marble
marıhuana marihuana
marıky maize plant
marıkı maize plant
marıkı corn
marıkıbeaq ear of corn
marıkırua cornflower
masua yawns
mateoq yes-no question
matu honey
matuseaı mead
mazı potato
mazıbeaq french fries
mazıboe potato chips
mazıcheı french fries
mazıu Boolean value
maıcoeq polycule
maıduı love-bombs
maıjıaı hugs
maıloha magnet
maılua romance
maımu beloved
maınıkyrafy minecraft
maıpaıchaq Valentine’s Day
maısuq you, my love
meadıu plural logic
meahey copy
meakuqse mention(ing)
meame set
meamedıu set theory
meametuq power set
meamıa varied
meamıq infinitely many
meaqboe sail
meaqbıa seasick
meaqtıeq canal
measuao special
mechakucha absurd
mechuoı string
mechıaqhua collective mind
medu mead
medue valid
medıteı meditates
mehıkonuaı Mexican peso
mejı us
meka crane
mekajıao deus ex machina
mekorua poppy
meloq apple tree
meme meme
memı proper noun
meneuchu arithmetic mean
menu menu
menısıu pangolin
meobıa depressed
meoca saddens
meojaq feels sorrow
meoqca slows
meoqmı pawn
meozu Lojban
mepaq is an element
mepoaq splits
mereuchu geometric mean
merıeqda afternoon
mesho fusion
mesofa sectional sofa
mesıq brass
meteı posture
mety one meter
meıdeı SOS’s
meıdofuqme maid outfit
meıguaq mountain range
meıgıu mountain range
meıharanıka mountain arnica
meılu email
meıme mountain range
meıme heap
meımeı mountain range
meımoa bump
meıny 'mountain'
meırıe valley
meısao overwhelming
moafa teleports
moanuoı bites
moaqchıe memorizes
moaqhua memory
moaqshuetao memorizes
moaqtao recalls
moashuao moa
moasuaı occurs suddenly
moaıkaı writes
mochela morel
moecey gasps
moechoa moans
moechou heartfelt
moecyhy gasps
moecıa emotionless
moefea tolerates
moefoa fickle
moegaq empathizes with
moegaq sympathizes with
moekuaı feels deadpan
moekıaq eyebrow
moelaı emoji
moenotuq loses their cool
moenuoq feels sympathy
moepıa soul-sibling
moeroe OK
moese emotion
moeshea emotionally numb
moetao vibes experience
moetoa interjection
moetuaı spirit, soul
mokuq quotes text
molaı open-quote
mole one mole
monachu monk
monha forgets to do
moqkoy questions
moqkuaq asks
moqlaı question mark
moqsuta monster
moraı text
moruı ant
moruımeı formicary
morı ant
morıbue ant nest
moteo text
moteolaı quotes
moy dark
moykuo pitch black
moıbaq mind
moıbıa mentally ill
moıbıadıu psychiatry
moıbıadıuche psychiatrist
moıdeoq telepathic
moıdeoqkuq says
moıfaı neurotypical
moıguaı does mental work
moıguaırıaq office
moıhaq food for thought
moıhuanoı headache
moıhuanoılıe has a headache
moıhuatoaı braincell
moıkuq thinks of saying
moıleı neurodivergent
moıluq thoughtful
moıpoaqse "compartment"
moıpuao thought bubble
mu and
mu and
muaogaı parses
muaogaıse parse tree
muaogıetuaq antler
muaohoaqpıo charcoal
muaoluo grove of trees
muaomuoq wooden
muaomıa forest
muaopıu bark of a tree
muaosaımuoq wooden
muaotuaq antler
muaqbue grave
muaqbueme graveyard
muaqdıeqme Internet
muaqhaqtu ghost
muaqhoe stellar remnant
muaqjoaı hunts
muaqkao obituary
muaqkuaı feels suicidal
muaqlua obituary
muaqmeo mourns
muaqpıo tombstone
muaqrıo carbon monoxide
muaqshao suicidal
muaqshose death
muaqtaı slays
muaqtea in agony
muaqtoaı infectious
muaqtuaı corpse
muaqtue death
muaqtıaı coffin
muaraq specific
muchoa moos
mueqkea computer
muguqrua hibiscus flower
muka musk deer
muobugoaıcha affricate
muogoı cures
muomıe living being
muoqfıu sparse
muoqjaq massive
muoqmea element
muoqpuı heterogenous
muoqshoa dense
muoqshı homogenous
muoqtoaı atom
muoqtuao has a small mass
muoseu integer
muosoı is at war with
muozıu integer
muozıu integer
muoı rotates
muoı rotates
muoıcıoq crank
muoıduy rolls
muoıhua neck
muoıhupa screws
muoıhupachuo a screwdriver
muoıme mixture
muoımoe dizzy
muoıpoechuo screw
muoırıaı axle
muoıshoaı a
muoıshoaıchao helicopter
muoıshua falls laterally
muoıtoı tortures
mupao forest
muqbaı makes by hand
muqbaıse handmade
muqbea wrist
muqbeagıa wristband
muqceaq fingernail
muqcheıbea knuckle
muqdapa hand palm
muqdoa hands
muqduo waves at
muqgoeq railing
muqhıo waves hello
muqkaı handwrites
muqkea cell phone
muqne handful
muqnotuqkea grenade
muqnua grabs
muqny handful
muqpata french fry
muqse handprint
muqseaq fists
muqshoaı bat
muqtoq palm of a hand
muqtıoq handcuff
muqzu sign language
mura and
muraq dark
muse mouse
musekea computer mouse
musekusu cucumber
musela weasel
musenuı house mouse
mute garbage
muteheq trash can
muteheqchuo trash can
muteheqmy trash can
muty blocked
muy us
muıbo meaningful
muıbomıu perceives
muıbıao perplexed
muıchuo argument
muıcıa asemic
muıdao definition
muıdeoq explains
muıdoa assigns meaning
muıheq hypernym
muıhuı pejorative
muıjuoı defines
muıjuq understands
muıkoe disambiguates
muılıaq synonyms
muılıaqgıq antonyms
muılıaqkue thesaurus
muımıa rich in meaning
muımıu perceives
muımıu thinks that
muınıe hyponym
muınıelıaq co-hyponyms
muınıemu hypernym
muıpaq is a nuance
muıpaqbo contains nuance
muıpuq polysemous
muıshı monosemous
muısoı argues semantics
muıtoa predicate word
muıtoa content word
muıtoaı sememe
myı us
mıajıeq manic
mıala silver
mıaoboe mooncake
mıaochoa meows
mıaodoaı mooncake
mıaodoaı mooncake
mıaogıo moonlight
mıaoloha silver
mıaopıo moonstone
mıaozaq moonrise
mıaqbo has value
mıaqmıa valuable
mıaqmıeq evaluates
mıaqmıq invaluable
mıaqsao valuable
mıaqtoı celebrates
mıat moneran
mıaıfıa onset
mıaılaqteı syllabic tone
mıaıme rhyme scheme
mıaıruo and
mıaırıoq rime
mıaıtoaı syllable
mıaıtıaı cube
mıebıe afterlife
mıecıu births
mıedaosaı nucleic acid
mıedua savoir-vivre
mıedıu biology
mıegoeq membrane
mıeguo life
mıegı well
mıehuaq outlives
mıelua bio
mıelıe goes about
mıeme biome
mıenetoaı hit point
mıepıo fossil
mıeqtao does
mıeqtaı determines that
mıeqtoı conducts on
mıerıo dioxygen
mıerıo dioxygen
mıerıoqdıu taxonomy
mıerıoqjeq fellow creature
mıerıoqjeqchuq cannibal
mıeshı living being
mıesıaı lifeblood
mıetao lives
mıetoaı biological cell
mıetoaıloy fermented
mıetuaı living body
mıetue life
mıetıaı chest
mıezuy injured
mımı meme
mımı mime
mımıy us
mıocuı of the color
mıoloa colour blurple
mıonıoq bluetooth
mıozeo blueberry
mıqgıq is finite
mıqgıqdoa lends
mıqkaqbıu kaleidoscope
mıqly pearl
mıqnao seawater
mırupıo opal
mısorameq miso ramen
mısotuzy miso soup
mıuchey engineers in
mıucıa is indifferent
mıudeaı tenable
mıudoetua manipulates
mıuheo and
mıule plausible
mıumıeq polls
mıuse opinion
mıushue maintains that
naby bread
nabybeaq breadstick
nabydashı dough
nabyjearıaq bakery
nabypoachuo bread clip
nabyru sandwich
nabyrukuha grilled cheese
nabyzeo breadfruit
nabı spiritual
nabıpoq shaman
nacho nacho
nadeq adder
naho garlic
namakocıa simple
namakolaı dingbat
namı south
namıhochu south-east
namıhore south-west
namımerıka South America
namımoa south pole
namıpoq southerner
namısoq south pole
nao'aı liquid
naobeq wave
naoboenıu water lily
naocheoq water bottle
naochıa dehydrated
naocoa aqueduct
naogoaq slippery
naogoeq dam
naoguobe sea slug
naogıokea lava lamp
naohaq soup
naojeoq well
naojeoq well
naojıu hydrogen
naokaıchuo pen
naokeq diarrhea
naokusu melon
naoloha mercury
naoloqchuo kettle
naoloy boiled
naolıaı swims
naomy (a) liquid
naomıq sea
naomıqrea coast
naoneo floats
naonıe is underwater
naonıu alga
naopeo soaks into
naopoıba seagrass
naorıo steam
naosaı liquid
naosho melts
naoshoaı fin
naoshuo water reservoir
naosuhu capybara
naosuy water wave
naosıao water spring
naosıqtua washes
naosıu liquid
naozue puddle
naq'aı masculine
naq'aı masculine
naqbaka bull
naqcıo adolescent boy
naqfu son
naqga soap
naqgo lad
naqgoso rooster
naqguoso bull
naqhupı dogfox
naqkata king
naqlaı male sign ♂
naqmaı attracted to men
naqpaoguqkıaq candy floss
naqpoaı spermatozoid
naqruo masculine
naqsaı androgen
naqseaqnao cum
narabı tray
narabıboe baking sheet
naraqkıa vermilion
naraqlue amber
naraqnaokusu cantaloupe
naraqzeo orange
naraqzeonao orange juice
nasa mad
naso nose
naıdaq now
naıjıa about to happen
naıteqkata debit card
neagıaq pop music
neaqpıo sandstone
neaqseoqtue sandstorm
neaqtoaı grain of sand
neatuıfua bench
necıoq knob
nedao numerical data
neheo differs
nejeq and
neka filters through
nemesı nemesis
nenea spectrum
neocoeq stack
neopaq layer
neopaqnuofua bunk bed
neoqsoq His
neoqtoı is obsequious
neotoq shelf
nepe ratio
neqcıtoq die
neqfaq happens randomly
neqgeq comes across
neqjoı coincidental
neqkuı random
neqmy lucky charm
neqteq gambles
neu =
neu sum
neuluo is a family with
neume sum of all
ney ashamed
neıjue September
neıkata nine
nhabuaq falls behind
nhamo remembers to do
nhaojı us
nhaqchoa meows
nhaqdeo catboy
nhaqnhaqly kitty cat
nhaqpy catboy
nhashaı drops intention
nheheo and
nhejaı furry
nhochoa mhms in approval
nhoe occurs in medium
nhoka cute lil paw
nholı is the range
nhoq cord
nhoqcıoq tripwire
nhoqgu ingests
nhou affectionate
nhougoaı pets, strokes
nhoy imaginary
nhoyfıeq makes up
nhoygaı hallucinates
nhoyge hallucination
nhoygı imaginative
nhoyhuı unimaginative
nhoyjua absurd
nhoyjıaq fictional world
nhoykuq says lie
nhoykuqse lie
nhoylua fictional story
nhoyluaı dadaistic
nhoymoı has fantasy
nhoymoı imagines
nhoyzıu imaginary number
nhuo array, battery
nhuoby blankie
nhuocıoq tab
nhuogı ordered
nhuohuı disorderly
nhuokueq line up
nhuopeo combs through
nhuopeomy comb
nhuopıo crystal
nhuoreaq row
nhuosheaq column
nhuotı arranged
noaca is a problem
noaleı is averse
noaqba cites
noaqchoa recites text
noaqfua lectern
noaqgıokea reading lamp
noaqkuq recites
noaqnuoqmoı subvocalizes
noaıbao cream-colored
noaıchaı milk tea!!!
noaıchuaı ice cream
noaıduaosaı lactose
noaıgaq cereal
noaıgulaq mammary gland
noaınua milks
noaınulı butter
noaıshuaq produces milk
noaıshuaqhua mammary gland
noheo translation
noqbo has the taste
noqcaı flavorful
noqcıa bland
noqde tastes beautiful
noqdoa flavors
noqdoase flavor
noqhıaq poor in taste
noqloq spicy
noqmıa rich in taste
noqnıu herb
noqpua tasty
noqpuo spice
noqrue weak
noqrue tastes mild
noqsaı spice
noqse taste
noqsıu tastes like
nose format
noteı format
notuq explodes
notuqkea bomb
notuqpuo gunpowder
notuqsaı explosive
noy liquid
noı feels pain in
noıbudo ıs a snake
noıtoı tortures
nu'aı reminds one of
nua takes
nuache thief
nuadoa lends property
nuagoaı wears
nuaobeaq spring, coil
nuaobo crooked, bent
nuaobıo cup
nuaocıa straight, flat
nuaoduy bows
nuaofurı rocks
nuaokuoq rib
nuaomıa twisty
nuaoruoq wavy
nuaq'aıgıaq nightcore
nuaqhoe star
nuaqmuo occurs all night
nuaqtıqshoaı moth
nuaıbo has money
nuaıboe bill
nuaıchuaq capitalism
nuaıcokı financial system
nuaıfeoq coins
nuaıhea coin
nuaıheq wallet
nuaıloha gold
nuaıloha gold
nuaılıaı in debt
nuaımaı miser
nuaınhe incurs a cost
nuaıpeq money note
nuaırıoq currency
nuaıshuo bank account
nuaıtuaı physical money
nubo is such as
nuebuaq fails
nuekao contract
nuekao contract
nuepo bussy
nueqbıu sausage
nueqche butcher
nueqchuq carnivorous
nueqcıachuq vegetarian
nueqhaq meat
nueqkıapıo carnelian
nueqmuo pancreas
nueqrıedoaı burger
nueqrıeq vegetarian
nueqshoaı Sarcopterygii
nueqtuo carnivoran
nueshaı flakes on
nuetaq intends to do
nuja makes with
nuja makes with
nujaq case to this
nukuq says like this:
nulı grease
nulıbaı fries
nulıdoa oils
nulıloy fried
nulımuoq dairy
nulınuı skinny
nulıpıo asphalt
nulısao fat
nulısaı butter
nulıse is fried
nuoboe blanket
nuocaı fast asleep
nuochoa snores
nuochylı mattress
nuocıuse rheum
nuofa goes to bed
nuofualıa bedside
nuogaı dreams
nuogaıse dream
nuogaısekoaı dreamcatcher
nuoge dream
nuohıaq sleep-deprived
nuojıaq dream world
nuokoı somnambulates
nuokuaı sleepy
nuoneaq rheum
nuoqchoa repeats
nuoqfua mirror
nuoqfua mirror
nuoqfuaq reflection
nuoqjeqtaq symmetric
nuoqmy mirror
nuoqmıa brilliant
nuoqrea shiny
nuoqse reflection
nuoqshıa mirror
nuoqsuoı brilliant
nuorıaı mattress
nuosofa pullout couch
nuosoı has a nightmare
nuotoa dreamt-up word
nuotuao half-awake
nuoıguonıaı ruminant
nuoıhua jaw
nuoıhuabeq chin
nuoıhuakıaq beard
nuoızeo berry
nuqleq anteater
nuru worm-like animal
nutuao case this
nuty dregs
nuy "does back"
nuıbeaq wand
nuıchuq eats a snack
nuıdao detail
nuıfoq mobile phone
nuıhaq snack
nuıhoe photon
nuıhuı pathogen
nuıjaq tiny
nuıkaqchuo microscope
nuıkaı writes
nuıkıoq marble
nuılaı lowercase letter
nuımeı hill
nuımuı definition
nuımıe microbe
nuımıejuq ferments
nuımıejuqluı fermented
nuınao pond
nuıpaq detail
nuıpoaq breaks
nuıpoq short person
nuıseje LGBT+
nıabuq frowns
nıamıq abyss
nıao(neo)koı skiis
nıaoboe snowflake
nıaopoq snow figure
nıaotoaı snowflake
nıapuao mist
nıaqgeone age, in years,
nıaqgu two-year period
nıaqheı decade
nıaqjue is calendar
nıaqjuehoe solar calendar.
nıaqjuemıao lunar calendar
nıaqme age
nıaqmoa time of the year
nıashıaq lower leg
nıaı'aı feral
nıaıbepoaı egg
nıaıbue animal shelter
nıaıcho furry
nıaıchuoı leash
nıaıdıu zoology
nıaıgoıche veterinarian
nıaıguaq animal farm
nıaıkıaq fur
nıaınhoq leash
nıaıpao raises
nıaıpoaı egg
nıaıpoaı egg
nıaıpoq therian
nıaıse animal product
nıaıserıeq vegan
nıaıserıeqchuaq veganism
nıaısoaq zoo
nıbo this
nıce 69s with
nıce local node
nıdaq'aı modern
nıdaqgoa here and now
nıdaqme this time period
nıdaqtıao modern
nıdaqtıaobu antiquated
nıdıosıao this morning
nıece entrance
nıecey breathes in
nıecuhy breathes in
nıefuq underwear
nıegaıkea endoscope
nıegoa space inside
nıejıaı virus
nıelıa inner side
nıemuo is wholly within
nıenua empties
nıeqluaı silly
nıerıaq entrance
nıetaose indeed the case
nıetıno intestine
nıezobo underpants
nıgoa here, this place
nıgu knits
nıjaofa goes
nıjaq case to this
nıjuı nearby
nıjuıfa comes
nıjıaq real world
nıka indicates
nıkyloha nickel
nımıao is
nınıaqme current era
nınıbuı extraterrestrial
nıoka mammal’s paw
nıokato kitten
nıoqgoaımy toothbrush
nıoqgoaızy toothpaste
nıoqgoıche dentist
nıoqguka gnaws
nıoqgukanıaı rodent
nıoqjıaı bites onto
nıoqketea toothed whale
nıoqketo toothed whale
nıoqkoı walrus
nıoqnueq gums
nıoqsaı ivory
nıoqsutıabeqtı denti-alveolar
nıoqsıoq cogwheel
nıoqsıoqme gears
nıoqsıqsaı toothpaste
nıoqtoechuo saw
nıoqtı dental
nıoqtıabeq alveolar ridge
nıoqtıabeqtı alveolar
nıoqtıasutı post-alveolar
nıoshuaı innocent
nıq new
nıqbıao surprised
nıqchoaq newcomer
nıqchuq chews cud
nıqchıe is a beginner
nıqguomute recyclable trash
nıqguomuteheq recycling bin
nıqgı has novelty
nıqgıucıoq new line
nıqja ninja
nıqjey has xenogender
nıqkaı writes
nıqkue news bulletin
nıqkıutua recycles
nıqluı familiar
nıqmuo up-to-date
nıqpaq addition
nıqpıq nitpicks
nıqreq newborn child
nıqrıo fresh air
nıqsaı is
nıqteısaı neoplasma
nıqtoaq neo-Toaqic
nıqzıakea repeater
nırıaq here, this place
nıtosaı is
nıtuao case this
nıtı here
nıubepoaı seed
nıuchuaqchuq (a) vegan
nıudıu botany
nıudıuche botanist
nıuguaq farm
nıuheqmy planter
nıukueq salad
nıuly bunny
nıunaqpoaı pollen
nıupoaı seed
nıupoaı seed
nıupuao organic smoke
nıurıqsaı chlorophyll
nıusıaı sap
nıusıaıpıo amber
nıy that over there
obane mass
obelaı exclamation mark
ocha human
ocha'aı anthro
ochasesaı plastic
oguı snake
oguıpıu snake skin
ojy makes a bow
okeı OK
okeıjıe accepts
ole Orwellian
olea olive tree
oma lump
opeolaı letter Ø
oqsısaı is
oreo inhuman
oreq human
osyraısıu true oyster
ota oats
otakocy oatmeal
otanıu oats
oy'o owos
oykıde orchid
oılyzıu Euler's number
paba avocado tree
pabahaq guacamole
pabanao guacamole
pabazeo avocado fruit
paku wax
pakutıe waxed
pala (hard) palate
pala (hard) palate
palaq hand palm
palate palatized
palatı palatal
palatına platinum
pana god Pan
panama Panamanian
panamagua Panama
paopao grandparent
paparua poppy
papy papilla
paqbo has part
paqboq interferes with
paqboshaı loses part
paqbosho gains part
paqchuo piece
paqchıo take turns doing
paqchıose turn
paqdoa contributes
paqdıu mereology
paqgo has part
paqkaı spells out
paqkygıaq punk rock
paqmetuq power set
paqmu has part
paqmuo entirety
paqmıa complex
paqmıeq analyzes
paqne some portion
paqsho meshes into
paqsho gains part
paqtoe notches
paqtı panties
paruhay pharaoh
paruq pharynx
parıq pharynx
parıqtı pharyngeal
pashou splashes liquid
pashousuy splash
pata pasta
patıchea party hat
paıchua nickname
paıde cute
paıfuo pats
paıgaq companion
paıgoaı strokes
paıgıq enemy
paıgıqruo acts mean
paıhuı is cruel
paıjı friend of mine
paıkuaı squishes
paıluo found family
paıme friend group
paınıaı pet
peha figuratively
peloq rank
pelua pelvis
peodoa injects
peokıu hole
peonua extracts
peoq chemical element
peotoe (agentive) stabs
peotoqhua diaphragm
peqboe sheet of paper
peqgıq penguin
peqheq folder
peqjuo letter
peqjuo paper letter
peqnuaı paper money
peqny is one (or
peqny pageful
peqtoq clipboard
peso penis
peso'aı phallic
pesofuq condom
pesojoq penis head
pesopıu foreskin
pesoreq Homo Phallicus
pesotıe condom
pesytı plague
petero true sparrow
peteroteı passerine
peteı relative
petı plague
peıchua monomial
peıcuaq number
peıka European magpie
peıkasıu magpie
peıke European magpie
po'aqhuıtuaruaq blames, accuses
poabuı trapped
poachoatoaı consonant
poanıe trapped
poaqchuq chews
poaqgıu fissure
poaqhea chip(ping)
poaqkuaı brittle
poaqmarıkı popcorn
poaqnoa resilient
poaqreı crushes
poaqshua collapses
poaqzıu rational number
poasho closes
poatoame clause
poatıe lid
poaıkıoq egg
poaınao seed
poaıpao baobab
poaıpuao meringue
poaıpuo pollen
poaırıaq ovary
poaıshuo testicle
poaısıaıcıu menstruates
poaıtoaı ovum (egg cell
pocıa lacks
podı fern
poechea umbrella
poeduaıtue segregation
poedızu is a stylized
poegıa fence
poegıqjeo inalienably
poekıubu inalienable
poemoe feels outcast
poepaq piece
poeseo metamour
poetoq wall
poetoqboe poster
poetoqtoaı brick
poga is
poha one's
pohı whose?
pojıao holy
poka hip
pokemoq pokemon
pokesao harbour porpoise
pokesaosıu porpoise
pokesıu true seal
pomuy ours
ponazu Toki Pona
ponı of this
popı poppy
poqbo master
poqchua given name
poqfuaq portrait
poqgaq fellow person
poqhegı eudaimonia
poqhoıtoa personal pronoun
poqjoe socially apt
poqjuao societal law
poqkata personal ID card
poqkea robot
poqkoja abducts
poqmecuetaq democracy
poqnıeq socially awkward
poqpegı popular
poqpuqreq plural system
poqrıoq personality type
poqse identity
poqshea desert
poqshıreq singlet
posa is associated
poshıeq what people are
potato potato
potuaı physical form
pozola podzol
pozy assumes pose
poıba grass
poıbasıu true grass
poıbe grass
puadao pleasure
puagoaı strokes
puakoı strolls
puao'aı fluffy
puaobeaq cigar
puaocuao skyscraper
puaocıa free of clouds
puaofuq sweater
puaokıaq wool
puaokıaq afro
puaokıoq dandelion clock
puaonıu dandelion clock
puaopıe smokes
puaorua dandelion
puaqcıa numb
puaqgıgoaıca massages
puaqhua tactile organ
puaqkıaq whisker
puaıbebue orphanage
puaıloe wild fire
puaıluko wolf
puaıluko wolf
puaırıe rural
puche historian
pucıq poutine
pudıu history
puebea ankle
puebeq foot heel
puebıo goblet
puebıu socks
puecea sock
pueceaq toenail
puecheı toe
puecıoq pedal
puedapa foot sole
puefuqchuoı shoelace
puefuqcıa barefoot
puefuqdapa shoe sole
pueguy sock
puehıeqte podcast
puejıaıchuo foothold trap
puekıoq soccer
pueqbuaq trips
pueqmy staircase
pueqmytoaı stair
pueruedea taps their foot
puerıaı foot stool
puese footprint
pueshıaqgao tights
puetuq sole (of a) foot
puetıe sock
puga leather
pugıaqdıu history of music
pujoa last week
pujue last month
pujıa was
pukao record
pukuaı nostalgic
puma puma
pumeche historian
pumoe feels nostalgia
pumoq lung
pumoqdıqnhuo bellows
punuaq last night
punıaq last year
puochıq dust mite
puole friable
puonueq ground meat
puoq happens to do
puoq is for purpose
puoqgı is good
puoqhuı is bad
puoqtıao fits
puosho crumbles apart
puoshuao phoenix
puotoaı particle
puotua pulverizes
puqcoe forks
puqgaıno multimodal
puqjı we
puqmaı polyamorous
puqmeame multiset
puqmuı polysemous
puqneoqsuq you all
puqsuq y'all
puqtoeq and
pusho (time) passes
putaokuq meant to say
putuqhua Putunhua
putuqzu Mandarin Chinese
putıq poutine
puıchao bus
puıdaome database
puıgıqcuesıo Oligarchy
puıjeqda polygender
puımıeq is counting
puıruaıjoaq emperor
puıseu large number
puıseu integer
puıtao multitasks
puıtoa quantifier
pyteı louse
pyı annoyed
pyıca annoys
pyıhe irritable
pyıkuaı irritable
pyıkuq says complaint
pyıle irritable
pıafu neice
pıaosaısaı (a) plastic
pıaozıu complex number
pıaq feels surprised
pıaqsuaı occurs suddenly
pıca pizza
pıcaloqhıao pizza-burns
pıebıao tipsy
pıechuo straw
pıedoa adds to beverage
pıehaq beverage
pıejaq gulps down
pıenao potable water
pıerıo air one breathes
pıetuao sips
pıetıao potable
pıheq bladder
pıka instantaneous
pıkafa teleports
pıkafachuo teleporter
pıkea spruce tree
pıkou pickle
pıkoutoese pickle slice
pıku picrew
pıkuaı has to pee
pıla nail
pılachuo hammer
pıma pepper
pımasaı capsaicin
pınu pine tree
pınuguele pineal gland
pıo'anı gravel
pıocoesaı cement
pıodıu geology
pıodıu petrology
pıofuaq statue
pıohoe planet
pıoloha aluminium
pıoloha lithium
pıomuoq made of stone
pıomıq lithosphere
pıonaosaı lava
pıonulı petroleum
pıopıu shell
pıosaıdıu mineralogy
pıosıu solid
pıotoekea stonecutter
pıotuaı coral
pıpa pepper
pıq pings
pıqceo pixel
pıqhıo pings
pıuchıq louse
pıucıu sweats
pıunao sweat
pıunua peels
pıunuamy peeler
pıushoaı colugo
pıy annoyed
pıydıe shills
ra(sıu)choatoaı rhotic sound
radıojuqkea radio receiver
radıosuy radio wave
raga feels energetic
ragacıa tired
ragoq strawberry plant
ragoqzeo strawberry fruit
rakygıaq rock music
rameq ramen
rameq ramen
raogı timely
raojeq is concurrent
raojoaı attempts to date
raojuı temporally close
raojıoq dates
raolaqteı mid tone
raoleo intends to do
raomıeq dates
raqbo pertains
raqbuı off-topic
raqchıe learns subject
raqcua responds to
raqcuachue forum thread
raqdeoq talks with
raqdua is familiar
raqfey worries about
raqjuoı describes
raqkueme bibliography
raqkuq comments on
raqkuqsue asks
raqme semantic frame
raqraq tangentially
raqsu bronze
raqsıaruaq renounces
raqtaq meta
raqtoa thematic
rarasaı unobtainium
rasu skin rash
rato rat
raıdıu ontology
raıfoa feeling
raıhı is
raıke thingy
raılaqteı falling tone
raıluo set
raıtoa noun
raıtoame noun phrase
raıtue state
reahuashoaı colugo
reahueq entire surface
reame surface
reamuı straight
reaq lies
reaqruoq horizontal
reaqshua falls laterally
reaqsofa reclining couch
reatuq is all contained
reaımuo antithesis
reaıtoı opposes
regochıu Gregorian date
regonıaq Gregorian year
reocuaq colour
reoge color
reohua iris
reokaı writes
reomıa many-coloured
reoqchuq eats dinner
reoqfeo west
reoqlıo south
reoqsıaq north
reosaı paint
reotuaı chromosome
reqde attractive
reqdıu anthropology
reqgaq fellow human
reqkea android
reqkıbucıabıso HIV
reqmy humanoid doll
reqpapybeqsebıso HPV
reqpoqgaq headmate
reqse artificial
reqsesaı plastic
rere lily
rerısaı hallucinogenic
reu =
reu product
reume product of all
reupaq divisor
reıduy orbits
reıjıaq environment
reıjıoqchuo abacus
reıkueq gather around
reımy ring
reınuao arches over
reıshaha game Go
reısho dissolves in
reıshuaq emits
reısoı Go
reıtaq coiled up
reıtaqpeq scroll
reıtaqteı spiral
reıto ritual
roachıaı “just not right”
roacoaq domesticated
roacuao supernatural
roadeaq ground
roadue “simply right”
roagıq artificial
roanıaı beast
roao decorates
roaqdeqbu infertile
roaqfu half-sibling
roaqgulaq gonad
roaqpıa aunt
roaqpıafu cousin
roaqseo step-parent
roaqseofu step-sibling
roaruodıu ethology
roarıaq natural habitat
roateu = exp
roazu natural language
roazıu natural number
roaıjue August
roaıkata eight
roaılaqteı eighth tone
roaıpeoq oxygen
roaıpue octopus
rochoa raven
roeduo'akaı workout soreness
roehaq nutritious
roetue health
rokodelo crocodile
roq cries
roqkuaı wants to cry
roqkuaıge tearjerker
roqtoaı teardrop
roqzeo onion
roqzy tears
roy except
roıme is
ruabo has flowers
ruaboe petal
ruadueq flower field
ruajua trippy
ruajualıe trips
ruajuasaı psychedelic
rualaı fleuron
ruameıpıo granite
ruamıa in bloom
ruanıaı anthozoan
ruaomıa forgiving
ruaqcheu tells lie
ruaqgı sincere
ruaqmea presupposed
ruaqruaq reports
ruaqse assertion
ruaqshao meant to declare
ruashuaq blooms
ruaıbue palace
ruaıcha done in a noble
ruaıfua throne
ruaıgua kingdom
ruaıguame empire
ruaıjoaqchuaq monarchism
ruaıjıo castle
ruaıkata jack
ruboq omits doing
rubı ruby
ruco asserts
rudo bramble
ruechoakuq whispers
ruedea taps
rueduagı clue
ruekoı walks timidly
ruelaq sonorant
ruenuo dozes
ruenuoı nibbles at
rueqduoı becomes pent up
rueqduy twitches
rueqmoe stressed out
ruereo dull in color
rugo and
rujı cream
ruka back
rukacea backpack
rukalıaı swims backstroke
rukatuımy saddle
rulaı ampersand
rumu is, with
ruochua name
ruodoa entrusts
ruodoetua manipulates
ruohuı (agent) is rude
ruohuı untactful
ruojeq redundant
ruojuao policy
ruojuq assumes role
ruolua theatrical play
ruoluaq pretends to be
ruome ecosystem
ruonua replaces
ruoqgaoduochao helicopter
ruoqteı orthogon
ruoqteıtu orthogonal
ruotıao acts according
ruoıgıa cord
ruoıkuaı has anorexia
ruqfuq raincoat
ruqleoq umbrella
ruqnuaoreo rainbow-colored
ruqpıo meteor
ruqshıq petrichor
ruqtoaı raindrop
ruıkaı pencil
ruıshe clearly
ryaq colour orange
rıachoatoaı vowel
rıaqcıa deserted
rıaqgıu strip
rıarıaq square
rıaıbo is supported by
rıaıceaq hoof
rıaıhe(kea) frame
rıaıhua neck
rıaıhuafuq scarf
rıaımy support
rıaıpıo bedrock
rıaırıochao hovercraft
rıaısaı protein
rıegoa is the space
rıejeqda intergender
rıekoaı Internet
rıeqgıq embraces
rıeqjara flees
rıeqjara flees
rıeqkueq pile(s) up
rıhı rice
rıjuru marmot
rıo'aı gas
rıobıu tornado
rıobıu trachea
rıoce airport
rıocıu belches
rıoguı popcorn
rıohua lung
rıojuju air-jumps
rıokıoq balloon
rıokıoqcıe pufferfish
rıolıaı flies
rıolıaı flies
rıomy gas
rıomıq athmosphere
rıomıq atmosphere
rıonao dew
rıonaomaı fruit fly
rıopıe breathes in air
rıoqbaq default
rıoqbo has subtype
rıoqdıu typology
rıoqjeqchuq cannibal
rıoqjuoı narrows down
rıoqmea belongs to type
rıoqpıa version
rıoqrıoq subcategory
rıosaı gas
rıosho evaporates
rıoıgı occurs
rıoısıacuetaq direct democracy
rıoıtao does
rıq(de)pıo emerald
rıqchaı green tea
rıqkuao of color
rıqkuao of color
rıqnao bile
rıqnaokusu honeydew melon
rıqpıo emerald
rıqzao greens
rıukuq replies
rıusoı revenges on
rıusıaıbıu vein
rıutao does
rıutua resets
rıutue anniversary
rıy gas
rıygıokeatao gaslights
sabeka elder
sabıety soviet
safıra sapphire
sajabu nonpredicate
sajeq and
saka shirt
sake saké
sakura sakura
sakurazeo cherry
sakyso saxophone
sala expands
salaty pirate
salıcy willow
samara samara
samuraı samurai
sao'alaı seaweed
saobeaq staff
saofa travels
saojaq huge
saokaı writes
saokua hall
saokıao gate
saokıao gate
saolaı capital letter
saoleohe ambitious
saomeı mountain
saomo salmon
saomıe beast
saone physical size
saope size ratio
saopoq tall person
saopue kangaroo
saoro reptile
saoronuao sauropsid
saosa sauce
saose celebration
saoteq buys
sapabuo is willing to do
saqboe clover
saqdı sandhi
saqguao trident
saqja ternary relation
saqjue March
saqjıeq triangle
saqkata three
saqlaqteı third tone
saqlaqteı third tone
saqpaq one third
saqpeoq lithium
saqsheaq testicle
saqsheaqcea scrotum
saraq is associated
saraımıu quantifier
saro skirt
sasa moth
saıbıao intoxicated
saıcha physical
saıchuq ingests
saıdıu chemistry
saıjueq stirs
saıme is a mix
saımoaq stain
saıpo soap
saırea surface
saıroq iron
saırıoq kind of stuff
saısıa immaterial
saıtoaı molecule
seaba Shabbat
seachaq holiday
seachaqchue holidays
seaha yawns
seajaı feels relieved
seakoı goes on a walk
seamoe feels relaxed
seaqche sex worker
seaqchoaqjıo love hotel
seaqchuq vores
seaqcıa virgin
seaqde attractive
seaqdıu sexology
seaqfuaq pornographic
seaqge attractive
seaqgoaı grinds on
seaqhuarıoq sex
seaqjaı sexually aroused
seaqkea sex toy
seaqkıoq testicle
seaqkıq porn
seaqmy jizz
seaqmıa promiscuous
seaqnuo has a wet dream
seaqrıeq celibate
seaqtaq masturbates
seaqtuaı sex doll
seaı wine
seaıbıao drunk on alcohol
seaıjıo bar
seaırıaq bar
seaıshea sober
seaısho ferments
sebo carries result
seceıla off the ball
sedu hiccups
seguaı does commission
sekuqdıaqmety 1 m
sekuqdıaqne hertz
seo(sho)sue asks to marry
seonue fiancé
seoq(gaı)chuo telescope
seoqceoq lightning bolt
seoqceoqbeaq lightning rod
seoqcuao outer space
seoqcuaodıu astronomy
seoqcuaomıe extraterrestrial
seoqdıu astronomy
seoqhıu Milky Way
seoqkası walnut tree
seoqlaq thunder
seoqlaqbeaq gun
seoqlaqbıu gun
seoqloha iron
seoqlıaı flies
seoqmeaq aircraft
seoqmıo sky-blue
seoqmıorua azure bluet
seoqpıo asteroid
seoqpıo meteorite
seoqraq celestial
seoqreo sky blue
seoqtuedıu meteorology
seoqzuru lightning
sepa astringent
sepe snake
sepo snake
seqtaku forgives
sesıu degree Celsius
setuq is the codomain
seudueq spreadsheet
seuhuaqjeq ≥
seujeqhuaq ≥
seukoaı number sieve
sey number
shachoa hisses
shagıq leaves
shahache chess player
shahahıeq knight
shahajoaq king
shahalıa bishop
shahameoq pawn
shahapoq chess piece
shahasheaq rook
shahasuaı queen
shahıena Cheyenne
shalı has a low mass
shamaq shaman
shaoboq demotivates
shaobuaq wanted to do
shaobutao does
shaoca motivates
shaoge motivation
shaogı virtuous
shaohuı sinister
shaohıaq lazy
shaoluıtıao satisfactory
shaomoe is willing to do
shaomuı intended meaning
shaomıa eager
shaqbeq cheek
shaqduo advances
shaqfa proceeds
shaqfeo north direction
shaqhua ıs a face
shaqkıa blushes
shaqpaq front
shaqsheaq prostate
shaqsoq primate
shaqtoa preposition
shaqtıa inside-out
shaqtıe face mask
shaqzıu positive number
shata disposes of
shatatıaı trash bin
shaıchey scams
shaıdeqtao abnegates
shaıduo stops moving
shaısıa true always
sheabıa has depression
sheagoa space
sheaguaq wasteland
sheakoı wanders
shealaı space
shealaıcıoq space bar
sheameame empty set
sheamoe feels empty
sheamuoq ether
sheamıq outer space
sheaq stands on
sheaqcıoq pressure plate
sheaqfua step-stool
sheaqmı rook
sheaqnuoq upside-down
sheaqnuı short
sheaqruoq vertical
sheaqsao tall
sheaqshua collapses
sheaqtuıfua stool
sheasaı ether
shechıaq intuits
shedoa offers that he
shedoa offers
shejuoı defends
shemoı intuits
shenue promises to do
sheokuq apologizes
sheomıa apologetic
sheq sword
sheqloha steel
sheqpoq swordsperson
shetuq iff
sheıdaq free time
sheıduq has hobby
sheıfuq casual clothing
sheıgıqpoq prisoner
sheımoı freethinks
sheımoıhe freethinker
sheıtua liberates
shoaı'eku winged horse
shoaı'eku winged horse
shoaıbo winged insect
shoaıcıaloekımı firebug
shoaıcıapahukorı firebug
shoaıcıarıochao boat
shoaıheku winged horse
shoehuao lean
shoju soy sauce
shojufaseo soy beans
shojunao soy sauce
shojy soy sauce
shoıgıaq screamo
shoıkune coyote
shoılaq scream
shuacaoboe autumn leaves
shuaobue bird nest
shuaokıaq feather
shuaqfaqme process
shuaqhua gland
shuashoe lets
shuaıbıo glass
shuaıjuao rule of thumb
shuaımıu thinks earnestly
shuaızu Toki Pona
shucu squishes
shue remains the case
shuedama stable
shuedaqbuaı abiding
shueduı goes on and on
shuehuıcea garbage bag
shueloha steel
shuemy remains
shuepaq what's left
shueqlue mustard
shuereu yields remainder
shunha number zero
shuofua closet
shuokaı notes
shuomıa supermarket
shuonıu succulent
shuosıa void
shuotao saves
shurıkeq shuriken
shuı secret
shuıcıa has open
shuıgıqkuq admits
shuıjuq accesses
shuıruo acts stealthily
shuısıo idea of privacy
shuıtoa password
shuıtua encrypts
shuıtı is hidden at
shuızua reveals
shuızıu key
shykaı signs
shylaı(me) password
shı'aı united
shıaboe glass pane
shıaqbea knee
shıaqbıu pantyhose
shıaqfuq pants
shıaqgao leggings
shıaqgıe member
shıaqmuao mangrove tree
shıaqtıe stocking
shıbu not the case
shıchaqshoaı mayfly
shıchuaobo monotreme
shıchuetıeq monorail
shıchuoı thread
shıchıeq letter X
shıchıeqlaı letter X
shıcuaq property
shıebo wakeful
shıegaı daydreams
shıejıaq waking world
shıene ‘day’
shıesho wakes up
shıgeo primordial
shıhea connected
shıho him
shıja is the property
shıjue January
shıjue January
shıkaqpoa winks
shıkata ace
shıko is first among
shıkoe has only got
shıkogıq is last among
shıkotao done firstly
shıkuqse monologue
shılaqteı first tone
shımy x₁
shımıedaosaı RNA
shıpaq whole
shıpeoqnotuqkea hydrogen bomb
shıqbo emits
shıqboqlaq nasal stop
shıqbıru rhinovirus
shıqbıso rhinovirus
shıqcey sniffs
shıqchoa snorts
shıqchuao nostril
shıqdao smell
shıqde smells beautiful
shıqdenao perfume
shıqge has smell
shıqgı smells good
shıqhuagoaıfuq handkerchief
shıqhuaguy handkerchief
shıqhuahuaı picks their nose
shıqhuahuaı picks their nose
shıqhualapısıu rhinoceros
shıqhuatuaqsıu rhinoceros
shıqhuı smells bad
shıqjeoq nasal cavity
shıqnao perfume
shıqnaotıaısaı alabaster
shıqnuasaı deodorant
shıqsaı fragrance
shıqsıu smells like
shıraq specific
shıreı cryptid
shısha shisha
shıshecheo distributive
shısuao unique
shıtuaq unicorn
shıubuaq attempts to do
shıucuo presupposes
shıufa goes
shıujuı shortly before
shıukune raccoon
shıukıe thanks
shıuleo tries to do
shıuleo intends to do
shıumeo dreads
shıunao pre-ejaculate
shıutao does
shıutaı does
shıutoı treats
shıy disappears
soaboq prevents
soabuaq does
soacha done with help
soacokı charity
soagıq unhelps
soahıao hurts
soakaıse guide
soakune service dog
soaqkıaıche gardener
soaqpao gardens
soaqpaoche gardener
soasue asks
soataokao are instructions
soatoa particle
soatoarıoq particle
soaıca emits rays
soaıdıeq beams
soaıgıa cord
soaıshoaı Actinopterygii
soaıshuaq radioactive
soaıtao extends
soezeo lemon
sofa sofa
soqbo sows
soqcho likes
soqja sponge
soqjapıo tuff
soqjuı is extremely
soqmea majority
soqmoa climax
soqnedaq limited in time
soqrıaq utopia
soqsıq hygienic
soqtoı does
soresıu shrew
sorı sews
sosuo emergency
sosuogoıche EMT
souleı ex forma
soy vegan
soy circle
soypaq semicircle
soıbuaq loses to
soıche soldier
soıcheme army
soıchu is at odds with
soıcıa is at peace with
soıdueq battlefield
soıfuaı military
soıgoeq battlement
soıheo is against
soıhuaq wins
soıluaq compete against
soıme army
soımuo wars with
soıruo act of violence
soıtue battle
suacıa pointless
suaobukuaq shrugs
suaochua title
suaochıduıtaq megalomaniac
suaojaqchıtaq megalomaniac
suaojıetıao worth esteem
suaopaı close
suaose celebration
suaosoq priority
suaotuao unimportant
suaotuaomıu despises
suaq sings
suaqgıaq song
suaqse song
suaqsue prays
suaqsuese prayer
suatao depends on
suaı(mıeq)chuo speedometer
suaıca speeds
suaıcyhy pants
suaıdaıne top speed
suaıfafa pursues
suaıfurı shakes
suaıhaq fast food
suaıhaqche fast food worker
suaıkoıluaq play tag
suaıluaq speedruns
suaımı queen
suaıpeq reference sheet
suaısıumoı intuits
suaıtao hurries
suaıtao hurries up
suaıtaobu takes his
suecaq commands
suecaı demands
suecua obeys
suecuahe obedient
suedo sweat
suedocıu sweats
suefa goes on a quest
suejaq exhorts
suetao does what
suhugıa bacon
suhulıq striped hyena
suhulıqsıu hyena
suhunueq pork
suku different
sumo sumo wrestling
sune weaves
suo you
suoqsuoq grandchild
suoı is great
suoıhıaotue (great) disaster
suoıjaq extremely
suoıpulua legend
suoısao gigantic
supaq spam
supaqkaı(doa) spams message
suqdaq your now
suqde you, cutie
suqnaı your now
suqneoq you
suqpa satisfied by you
suqrıaq your location
suqtuq y’all
surıq syrinx
sushı sushi
susı swings
susıgıaq swing music
suty suit
suy wave
suyduy undulates
suyfa surfs
suyfatoq surfboard
suyzıa pulses
sıa'anouhe aromantic
sıachuaq nihilism
sıaja proposition
sıalaı digit zero
sıame empty aggregate
sıaotoa incipit
sıaotu original
sıapeı number zero
sıaqfeo east direction
sıaqmuqpoq right-handed
sıaqpaq right part
sıaseu number zero
sıazıu number zero
sıaıbıu blood vessel
sıaıcıu bleeds
sıaıhua heart
sıaıjaq gory
sıaıkoaı vascular system
sıaıkıa blood-red
sıaıloaısıu hemorrhoids
sıaıloha iron
sıaılue blood plasma
sıaıpıe vampire
sıaızıe hormone
sıbeo distracted
sıbu ignores
sıbuaqdaısı experiences FOMO
sıbuaqtea experiences FOMO
sıdıheqmy CD rack
sıebaq list
sıedao sequence
sıeho is
sıehoq following
sıehoı is
sıejara chases after
sıekao will
sıekaıse afterword
sıekıq sequel (movie
sıelu following
sıemaq is
sıeme sequence
sıeme sequence
sıemenuoq is the mirrored
sıeqchue rollercoaster
sıeqde numinous
sıeqdoa initiates
sıeqge amazing
sıeqgı great
sıeqsuoı miraculous
sıeqtue miracle
sıgı interesting
sıhe is a
sıjou focuses on
sıju polices
sıjuche police officer
sıjucokı policing system
sıkuaı needy
sıkı ski
sıla thread
sılıkoq silicon
sımoe feels focused
sımuo meditates
sıne sine
sınu = sin
sıoge evokes
sıogı conceptually
sıojuq gets idea
sıoqchao wheeled vehicle
sıoqduo runs
sıoqpuao cyclone
sıpua amused
sıpuache entertainer
sıpuatua entertains
sıpuatuache entertainer
sıqgoaı wipes
sıqguy wash cloth
sıqhua kidney
sıqmuo spotless
sıqpeq toilet paper
sıqsaı detergent
sıqtua cleans
sıqtuachuaq hygiene
sırı silk
sırılaı Cyrillic letter
sısa conscious
sıshaı faints
sıshaı leaves
sısue calls
sısıa unconscious
sıtako parrot
sıtua notifies
sıugıq dissimilar
sıuruo mimics
sıy leads away
sıyky treads
tabako tobacco
tage = tan
tajıkao are instructions
tajızao knows how to do
takumuı intended meaning
takı Takis
tamaohaq tamale
tana mesh
tanoloha aluminium
tanı stem
tanıtıe bark
taoca (0) motivates
taocaı strong-willed
taocho likes
taochı plans
taochıfea remembers to do
taochımoaqshaı forgets to do
taochıshaı forgets to do
taodıeq sends
taodıetaı convinces
taofa goes to do
taogaq partner
taogaq and
taogaqme team
taoguo activity
taogıq accidentally
taohıao attacks
taojao is off
taojuoqtao does their dues
taokakoe decides to do
taoko planner
taokoe chooses
taokokaı schedules
taomana "energy"
taomoaq remembers to do
taomudaı property
taomuo completes task
taomy stamina
taomıa busy
taomıy team
taonhuo is a schedule
taonue promises to do
taopa accepts
taopaqme project
taorue timid
taosapa accepts
taose something done
taoshaokao planner
taotua fools
taotıao is in
tapy taps
tapıoka tapioca
tapıokakıoq tapioca pearl
tapıra tapir
taqbu taboo
taqfoto selfie
taqfuaq selfie
taqgaı senses
taqko account
taqkıbutoaı autoantibody
taqmudaı relation
taqnuoqteı fractal
taqpo is
taqru tanru
taqtoaq idiolect
tashı me
tatoa adjective
tatu tattoo
taıcaq happens thanks
taıcha successful
taıjıq prospers
teaca scary
teacaı brave
teafey paranoid
teafurı shudders
teage scary
teajua creepy
teakıq horror movie
teapuoq horror
teaqdoa breastfeeds
teaqfeoq aureola
teaqfuq bra
teaqrıaıfuq bra
tease fear
teashuao giant moa
teasuaı menace
teatue emergency
teaı is averse
tecı free
tefa tangled
tefacha an
tefacoe intertwined with
tefamy knot
tenısı tennis
teolaı close-quote
teoqcua answers question
teoqkudote interviews
teoqnuateoqdoa interviews
teq pays
teqboe coupon
teqchey sets
teqdoa sells
teqdoeme economy
teqfa visits to trade
teqfuaı company
teqguaıjoaq boss
teqjuq is payed
teqluaq plays gambling
teqne amount paid
teqpeq paycheck
teqse payment
teqsıa gifts property
teqtekata pre-paid
teqzıq credit card
terakota terracotta
terıo stale
teshy lets
tetabo turtle
tetabokuoq turtle shell
teu =
teıbaq idealized shape
teıbo has shape
teıchuo pattern
teıcıa amorphous
teıdoafuı malleable
teıdıu geometry
teıfuaq design
teıfuı soft
teıfıeq designs
teıgaı perceives shape
teıgıaıchuo chisel
teıjeq is shaped like
teıkuaq assumes pose
teınoa hard
teırea surface
teırıuhe elastic
teıteı posture
teıtoaı morpheme
teıtoaı morpheme
teıtue state
teızıu complex number
toabeoq word root
toachıeq crossword puzzle
toadoq brief
toadua Toadua
toafıeq invents word
toahıaq laconic
toajoe eloquent
toakasu grammatical case
toakue dictionary
toalaqteı word-level tone
toalaı letter
toalea rhetoric
toalea poem
toaluaqse pun
toame phrase
toamelaqteı phrasal
toamuı has definition
toamıa verbose
toanuı brief
toapaq morpheme
toapaqjoq word root
toapuı verbose
toapuıtuao laconic
toaq Toaq language
toaqbeo translates
toaqcha Toaq (Dzu) Way
toaqdıu Toaqology
toaqkasu grammatical case
toaqkaı writes
toaqkı Toaq Anki Deck
toaqluo language family
toaqme Toaq community
toaqmuı meaning
toaqno in Toaq
toaqpy fellow Toaqist
toaqreo Toaq-colored
toaqrıoqmu dialect
toaqseı Toaq text
toaqtoa Toaq word
toaqtıaojıoq translates
toaqzuno in Toaq
toatuq is the lexicon
toaıceo resumes activity
toaıjeq average value
toaıkoı steps
toaınuı very tiny
toaıshaı pauses activity
toaıshea vacuum
toaıtue activity
tobıq trusts
toe cuts
toebeaq sword
toechuekea chainsaw
toechuo axe
toecırykea chainsaw
toedea (agentive) stabs
toedea chops
toegoıche surgeon
toekaı carves
toenua cuts
toenıoq incisor
toenıoqchuo saw
toepaq slice of
toeq and
toeqchuoı chain
toeqfu descendant
toeqroaq forebear
toese slice
toesy cod
toete cut
toetoq cutting board
toetuao notches
tofu tofu
tomaty tomato
tonameqtue tournament
topazy topaz
toqceaq plate nail
toqchao skateboard
toqhua forehead
toqjı genderqueer
toqloy pan-fried
toqloyfua griddle
toqloymy pan
toqpeq cardboard
toqpeqtıaı cardboard box
toqsı genderqueer
toraq chest
toraqchuo stethoscope
torodo ostrich
toroso thrush
toubuchuq omnivore
tounueqchuq carnivore
tounıuchuq herbivore
toıchıaı unethical
toıchıaı morally
toıchıaıkıeq abhorrent
toıdue morally
toıduesıo moral
toıgı kind
toıjeo is with
toıleoq protects
toıme community
toımebıatue epidemic
toımucuaq relation
toımudaı relation
toırumu interacts with
toıshao wants that
toısue asks
tuabaı builds on
tuagıq undoes
tuahuıjıe blames
tuakoe chooses
tuamebo shares
tuaonu just the case
tuaonuo naps
tuaoshaı pauses doing
tuaotuao case to a rather
tuaq horn
tuaq horn
tuaq'eku unicorn
tuaqboluko serval
tuaqbosa European hornet
tuaqbosıu deer
tuasıa deletes file
tuaıbeo shape-shifts
tuaıcaq fronting (plural
tuaıdıu anatomy
tuaıfuq cloak
tuaıfuq shirt
tuaıgaq and
tuaıjoq torso
tuaıjoqfuq shawl
tuaınhou cuddles
tuaıpaı headmate
tuaırue physically weak
tuaıshaq abdomen
tuaısheı able-bodied
tuaısuaq dances
tuaısıa immaterial
tuaıtoaq body language
tuerıoq one mode
tuku shows
tukue encyclopedia
tumaı panromantic
tume tumor
tune total amount
tunu tuna fish
tuoqdekı scale
tuoqkea scale
tuoqloha lead
tuoqlıa scales
tuoqmy weight
tuoqne weight
tuoqnuoboe weighted blanket
tuoıbo flawed
tuoıfıeq finds fault in
tuoıluoqtao does
tuoıruaq points out flaw
tuoısı critical
tupa pot
tuq'aı complete
tuqcy final outcome
tuqgaıhuarıaca eye-opener
tuqjane maximal arity
tuqjıaq universe
tuqjıaqdıu cosmology
tuqko is last among
tuqloı abominable
tuqmaı pansexual
tuqpaq comprise
tuqreı surroundings
tuqsuao unique
tuqsyteq tungsten
tuqtuq stims
turula troll
turulatao trolls
tusa and
tuseaq pansexual
tutı omnipresent
tuzy soup
tuıfuapuı stadium
tuımara couch
tuımyme row
tuınıu bush
tuısho sits down
tuıtea Twitter
tıafeo south direction
tıaobeo adjusts to match
tıaodaq appropriate time
tıaodoa assigns
tıaodoajeq assigns
tıaofoa satisfied
tıaogı suitable
tıaojeo true
tıaokuqse mot juste
tıaomoe satisfied
tıaomu accepts
tıaonuaı currency
tıaonıe is snug
tıaotoaı is a notch
tıaotoı treats
tıaotua adjusts
tıapaq back
tıazıu negative number
tıaıbıo jar
tıaıchao cart
tıbumeo misses
tıbıa tibia
tıbıao loses
tıcaı stout
tıchu goes via
tıchıaqsho notices
tıcuao across
tıcuao across
tıdaofuı regularly placed
tıdıbu banned
tıebo covered
tıeboe packaging
tıechate velarized
tıechoa dub
tıecıa naked
tıefuq coat
tıehua skin
tıehuashoaı colugo
tıemu covered
tıeqbea turn
tıeqbıao lost
tıeqchao train car
tıeqchıeq crossroads
tıeqfa goes along path
tıeqguao fork in the road
tıeqgue has trajectory
tıeqkoaı network of roads
tıeshaqtı post-velar
tıete covered
tıetoa subtitles
tıetıatı pre-velar
tıetıaı lidded container
tıgaq stays with
tıjoaı tries to locate
tılaı at sign
tıluoq is aligned with
tıluoqcheo co-aligned
tılıa linden
tıme crowd
tımoy lost
tımıa holds many
tımıq omnipresent
tınhuodıu composition
tınıka place-marker
tıoqchue chain
tıoqchuetoaı link in a chain
tıoqheq is a vault
tıqbo Squamata
tıqloha tin
tıqnhuo grid, table
tıqsa scaly
tıqsaoro scaled reptile
tıqtı stings
tırıgeteı owl
tıse location
tıse presence
tıshagıq leaves place
tıshagıq departs
tıshatua brings
tıshatı T-shirt
tıshaı leaves
tısho appears at
tıshu paper tissue
tıshuı hidden
tısue summons
tıteı layout
tıtua puts
tıudıu logic
tıudıutoaq logical language
tıudıuzu logical language
tıufuaq flowchart
tıujeo therefore so
u'upoq "woo woo" person
ua dipshit
uage amazing
uane is as much as
ubula human uvula
ubula uvula
ubulalaq uvular consonant
ubulatı uvular
uchı sex phenotype
uchıjeqpıa same-sex sibling
ugı fair
uhuı unfair
ujoq club
ukulele ukulele
ukyraınagua Ukraine
uoky wok
uqsaqbuce USB port
usoq imperial unit
utube YouTube
utubeche youtuber
uy'u uwus
ycı ice mummy
yqgy swallows
zabıekoycheo chat
zao knows
zaofaı well-known
zaomu familiar
zaomumıa famous
zaomıa famous
zaopuı famous
zaq appears
zaqgıq disappears
zaqlo pomegranate
zaqlopıo garnet
zaqneq tough luck
zaqshıy elusive
zaqtua conjures
zasoq is up next
zaı feels hope
zaıcıa feels despair
zaıse hope
zaızu Esperanto
zenadaı elastic
zeo fruit
zeo fruit
zeoduaozy fructose
zeokoaq ripe
zeoloq chilli
zeomuaome orchard
zeonaby fruit bread
zeonao fruit juice
zeonao fruit juice
zeorıaq orchard
zeoseaı cider
zeqbudachuaq Zen Buddhism
zero number 0
zoaıge suspicious
zoaıpulua legend
zobo trousers
zonaozo condescends
zoqbı zombie
zouku steel
zuaq is the property
zuche linguist
zuche linguist
zuchoq uses language
zuchıe learns language
zudeq knows language
zudıu linguistics
zudıuche linguist
zuedoa lends property
zuejuao arrangement
zuenua borrows property
zuerıaq makeshift site
zueteq pays deposit
zuetue emergency
zugoeq language barrier
zuhey is
zukını zucchini
zulaqdıu phonetics
zulaqteı linguistic tone
zulo is a word
zuno is in language
zunıeq is unskilled
zuo moves
zuo in motion
zuoty some złoty
zupoq language person
zuru electricity
zuruhıao electrocutes
zurune electric charge
zurutoaı electron
zurıoq dialect
zusoı «jbosoi»
zuydea beats up
zuzao knows language
zıa emits
zıachome firefly
zıahaqkea microwave oven
zıase radiation
zıazıa sparkles
zıchoa grunts no
zıekuq mentiones
zıetao points at
zıkaıkuq messages
zıkuq messages
zıq electronic
zıq'ahonuaı NFT
zıqjao happens remotely
zıqjıo server
zıqky zinc
zıqkı hacky
zıqmy byte
zıqnhuo array
zıqrıaq online venue
zıqtoa computer word
zıqtoaı bit
zıqtızua kicks
zırykonıumy zirconium
zırykoq zircon
zıu number
zıuhuaqjeq ≥
zıulaıtoaı digit
zıushuı encrypted
zıushuıcıa unencrypted
ıdeı panics
ıgoluaq play Go together
ıjo shows
ımeı email
ımeıchıu email address
ımeıdıeq emails
ıoma demon
ıorozu myriad
ıq'ıqku letter Iq
ıqcy scalar quantity
ıqfylueqtıa flu
ıqku anvil
ıqlı English
ıqlızu English language
ıqse jade
ıqserıq jade-colored
ıruekea fan
ıruesıoq wind turbine
ısheı ıs a descender
ıshy keymashes
ısıkuı Ithkuil.
ıulua true story
